 DECISION				1.8 The Committee finally recommended the following to the Selection 		Board for consideration and approval for promotion:				a) Mr. M. Akmal Khan from BPS-17 to BPS-18		b) Mr. Ayaz Ahmed from BPS-16 to BPS-17				c) Syed Sohail Uddin 		} 		d) Syed Akbar Hussain Kazmi } From Job Band 1 to Job Band 2		e) Ms. Ghulam Fatima 		}				ACTION				1.9 The Head of H.R. would present the proposed amendment in the 		Promotion Policy as noted in 1.1 and 1.2 above as well as the amendments 		suggested in the previous EC meeting (287th meeting held on March 10, 		2014) to the Selection Board and BoG for approval.				1.10 The Head of H.R. would present the recommendations for promotion / 		up-gradation (including the recommendations made in the previous EC 		meeting held on March 10, 2014) to the Selection Board for consideration 		and approval.				1.11 The concerned Department Heads would convey to the above 		recommended candidates the feedback of EC with regard to the need for 		improvement of their communication skills/confidence level and nominate 		them for the required courses/trainings. 				 DECISION				2.2 The Committee endorsed the recommendation of the Procurement 		Committee for the extension of seven months time for Simab (smc) Pvt. 		for the supply of furniture for new Girls’ Hostel at IBA Staff Town.				 DECISION				3.7 The Committee endorsed the recommendation of Project Manager NESPAK 		for allowing 82 days time extension i.e. upto September 11, 2013 to the 		Contractor.				3.8 The Committee recommended to the AFC to approve the variation 		orders which are within the limit of 15%.				3.9 The Committee also recommended to the AFC to approve the additional 		unanticipated work carried out in emergency as part of the External 		Development Work in the staff colony. 				ACTION				3.10 The Director Projects would present the recommendations of 		Procurement Committee and the Executive Committee on the variation 		orders and the additional unanticipated work done in emergency with 		complete justifications to the AFC for approval. 				 DECISION				4.7 The Committee approved the award of work for uplifting of 		Multipurpose Building facade at IBA Main Campus at a cost of 		Rs.2,809,631/- to the lowest evaluated bidder M/s. Badar Engineering.				ACTION				4.8 The Director Projects would prepare a package of interior decoration 		work and place tender for it. 				 DECISION				5.6 The Committee noted the status on Aman Tower and decided that there 		was no need of spending Rs.40 million on stand-by generator and the 		existing 500 KVA generator would be dedicated to Aman Tower. 				ACTION				5.7 The Director Projects would cancel tender for standby generators, 		and would expedite the tendering process for furniture. 				5.8 Mr. Mushtaq Ahmed would study and examine the essential load 		requirements of electricity at Aman Tower and present his report to the 		EC. 				