 DECISION1.11 The Committee agreed to the concept of IBA Brand Manual as presented by Mr. Zafar Siddiqui and allowed him to go ahead with the branding plans and get the IBA Brand Manual prepared. 1.12 Mr. Zafar Siddiqui will take the lead in forming a Committee for marketing IBA products from time to time.  DECISION2.21 The Committee decided that that for 2012 there will be a modification in the admission criteria according to which all BBA students who have completed 16 years of education and two years of experience after clearing IBA admission test can do 66 credit hours courses to complete their MBA requirement. If the enrolment in 2012 shows that there is no perceptible increase in the intake then we can go to Option # 2 with two years experience preferred and point system for work experience starting in the year 2013.vidence from the market shows that there is no much difference then IBA can go to Option # 2 of two years experience preferred and point system for work experience.2.22 The Committee decided that a Committee comprising the Director H.R., Dr. Nasir Afghan and Mr. Jami Moiz headed by Mr. Zafar Siddiqui would discuss how to project the MBA Program and reach the target audience. Some students who can be helpful in social interaction can also be included in the committee. DECISION3.2 The Committee approved the payment of US$5632.50 to M/s. Techlogix for using hardware during peak time for 45 days.b)Post Production of an ERP System – 20113.3 The Director ICT informed the Committee that the Post Production Support cost of ERP system was discussed in the EC meetings held on January 10, 2011 and May 9, 2011 for the amount of Rs.750,000/- per year, which is through an agreement of HEC and Techlogix. He said that EC had approved the payment of first quarter 2011. 3.4 The Director ICT said that initially they had taken the approval from EC for only one quarter as at that time they did not know if there would be a difference between HEC support cost and Techlogix Support cost. Now it has been cleared that Techlogix is going to charge the same amount of Rs.750.000/- per year and they are providing the similar kind of support to other universities as well. 3.5 In view of the above the Director ICT requested the Executive Committee to approve payment of Rs.562,500/- to M/s. Techlogix for second quarter 2011 to fourth quarter 2011 of ERP Post Production Support.DECISION3.6 The Committee approved the payment of Rs.562,500/- to M/s. Techlogix for ERP Post Production Support for second to fourth quarters 2011. DECISION4.2 After due consideration of the facts and the rules governing students attendance the Committee did not approve the request of Ms. Sara Pervez for one week leave on medical ground. Under the circumstances as per policy she has two options namely: (1) Drop the Semester and avoid being marked 'F' in any subject (2) Continue with the semester and avail the facility of 'make up examination' in respect of the subjectsin which she is not short of attendance, while accepting 'F' in the subjects in which she does not meet the attendance requirements.ACTION4.3 The Registrar would convey the decision of the Executive Committee to Ms. Sara Pervez.  DECISION7.9 The Committee thanked Mr. Bilgrami and his team for the presentation and approved the conceptual interior design of Aman CED with the following to be incorporated by NBCL in their design: ·Specifications of signage (branding manual) would be provided by IBA and NBCL would incorporate it in their design. ·The dark tile of the corridor will be replaced with a lighter shade for easy maintenance. ·Provision will be made for emergency lighting in the Seminar Room. ·Provision will be made for pin-up boards in Classrooms. ·Furniture in Student Lounge would be more robust. 