 DECISION												1.6 The 				Committee noted and approved the status report as presented by 				Mr. Imran Batada. 																ACTION																1.7 Mr. 				Imran Batada would provide details with regard to placement of 				UPS, its capacity, and the savings to the Director Projects.																								1.8 Mr. 				Batada would report to the AFC with the justification the 				extension of 75 days in the completion of Data Centre. 																								 DECISION																3.4 The 				Committee deferred this item. 																ACTION																3.5 Mr. 				Imran Batada would discuss his proposal with the Associate Deans 				and after incorporating their suggestions, present the revised 				proposal to the EC.																 DECISION																4.4 The 				recommendation of the EC members was immediately communicated to 				the Dean  Director as he was not present in the meeting. 				However, the Dean  Director did not agree with the EC members 				as he does not have the authority to over rule the decision of 				the full Board which is the highest decision making body of IBA. 				All that the Board had asked him was to draft the TORs, the 				procedure and modalities of the Appellate Committee. This was 				the task entrusted to the Registrar and he has to comply with 				that. He said that the debate on the pros and cons of an 				Appellate Body was held by the BOG members and all the arguments 				were taken into consideration. It is not befitting for him to 				tell them that we do not believe in forming an Appellate 				Committee but would like to form another committee reporting to 				the Dean and Director. He further said that as he is party to 				the decisions of the DC it is only appropriate and in the 				interest of fair play and justice that another committee should 				hear those aggrieved by his decisions. 																4.5 The 				EC appreciated the work of the Registrar and the Disciplinary 				Committee in the formulation of the SOP for handling day-to-day 				disciplinary cases and felt that it was a useful addition to the 				documentation process.																ACTION																4.6 The 				Registrar would incorporate the SOP for handling day-to-day 				disciplinary cases into IBA Code Book and get it disseminated 				among all concerned.																4.7 The 				Registrar would present the draft TOR for Appellate Body in the 				BoG. 																								 DECISION																5.5 The 				Committee approved the proposal of the Director Projects to 				design and supervise the work of supply and installation of 				elevator at FCS Building at City Campus by the team of Projects 				Department instead of hiring Designing and Project Management 				firm.																								