 DECISION1.2 The Committee reviewed the modified draft policy with reference to the changes that were suggested in earlier EC meeting and took the following decisions:·On the basis of the duties the J3 staff are performing, they were made eligible for emailing facilities.·5.2(c) “Lower” was deleted from the title “Lower/Junior Staff”. This section was rephrased as under: “Staff in category J1  J2 shall not be authorized emailing facilities and thus no email addresses will be provided to them. However, they may be given PC, Printer or Scanner on their job requirements. As an exception staff in J2, including ICT junior staff (Lab Assistants, Lab Attendants and Specialists falling in J2,) who are required to use email facilities as part of their duties, shall be authorized to use emailing facilities on the recommendation of the HOD.” ·11.1 Eligibility: Junior and J3 to be deleted from the first sentence.·Procedures for Computer Disposal: After point 4, the following 5th point was added in the Procedures for Computer Disposal:“5. IBA’s Fixed Assets Disposal Committee will regulate all matters in regard to disposal of surplus and obsolete ICT equipments.”1.3 The Director H.R. was advised to make allocate a space in each issue of the Internal Publication and include the names, contact numbers and email addresses of helpdesk persons in that space/box. ACTION1.4 The Director ICT would present the revised ICT Policy incorporating the changes mentioned in 1.2 above to the AFC for consideration. 1.5 The Director H.R. would ensure that the names, contact numbers and email addresses of helpdesk persons are published in every issue of the Internal Publication. DECISION2.7 The Committee approved the procurement of nine sets of 8520 BlackBerry at a total cost of Rs.168,750/-2.8 The Committee decided that the existing sets would be kept in a pool and could be given to Security, Engineering, Helpdesk and to those whose duties are beyond office hours.ACTION2.9 The Director Finance would include the existing sets in the Fixed Assets at a nominal value. 