 DECISIONS2.2       The Dean  Directorsaid that positions which have been frozen should not be included in the futurestatements of vacancies.  2.3       The Directorrequested the Director H.R to issue notification about the elevation of Dr.Muhammad Nishat and Dr. Sayeed Ghani as Associate Deans of Faculty of BusinessAdministration, and Faculty of Computer Sciences respectively. He alsorequested the Director H.R. to notify Terms and Conditions of Associate Deans. 2.4       At the request of theController of Examinations the position of Manager Enrolment and Degree wasunfrozen so that Mr. Zahid Iqbal could be appointed to this position.  2.5       The Committee furtherdecided that Mr. Zahid Iqbal would be appointed on contract for one year at asalary he was receiving from the IBA prior to his retirement.2.6       The Committee decidedthat the Controller of Examinations would notify about the transfer of Mr. RaisAhmed Khan from Evening Program to Affiliation Department and that of Mr. AhmedAli from Affiliation Department to Evening Program. 2.7       Regarding Researcherfor Library, the Director informed the Committee that he has requestedAssociate Deans to review the entire set up of the Library.  The appointment of Researcher would bedecided after the review by the Associate Deans.2.8       On the requisition oftwo more Messengers for City Campus, the Director asked the Controller ofExaminations to provide details about the number of messengers at the CityCampus and their duties. On the basis of the information the Director wouldreview the decision of unfreezing the position of Messengers. 2.9       The position of Manager I.T was upgradedto Senior Manager I.T. DECISION3.3The Committee requested theDirector Projects to expedite the work at the City Campus and resolve spaceproblem over there. ACTION3.4The Director Projects wouldexpedite the work at the City Campus and would also resolve space problem inconsultation with the Controller of Examinations and the Director I.T. DECISION4.2The Committee decided thatalong with maintenance expenses, the running charges pertaining to diesel andlubricants would also be borne by the IBA.ACTION4.3The Registrar would instructconcerned person to arrange diesel and lubricants for the generator of IBABoys’ Hostel. DECISION5.2The Committee granted studybreak for one year to Mr. Waqar Ahmed from January to December 2009. ACTION5.3The Registrar will convey thedecision of the Executive Committee regarding approval of study break for oneyear to Mr. Waqar Ahmad. He would also convey the decision to the concernedProgram Office. DECISION6.2The Director requested theDirector I.T. to look into the complaints made by Mr. Ammar Sharif and fix theproblems.ACTION6.3The Director I.T. would fix theproblems identified in the letter of Mr. Ammar Sharif and report the measureshe has taken to the Executive Committee.