 DECISION				1.9 The Committee approved the recommendations for 	up-gradation of the position of Executive-I to Executive-II (i.e. from Job 	Band J3(i) to J-3(ii) and the position of Assistant BBA Program Office to 	Executive-I (i.e. from Job Band J-2 to J-3(i), both positions belong to BBA 	Program Office.				MBA Program Office:				1.10 Dr. Nasir Afghan said that there are two 	positions for up-gradation in MBA Program Office. He said that the position 	of Senior Executive is already in Job Band 1 and the proposal is to move it 	into Job Band 1(ii).				DECISION				1.11 The Dean  Director asked to postpone the 	up-gradation of positions in MBA Program till the number of intake for 2012 	is clear and then they will see the work load and revisit at that time.				Registrar’s Office:				1.12  The Registrar proposed that the following three 	positions be up-graded in view of the justifications given for each 	position:				1.	Position of Admin. Officer at 	City Campus from Job Band 1 step 2 to Job Band 2		2.	House Keeping Supervisor at City 	Campus from J-2 to J-3, and		3.	Admin. Assistant at Main Campus 	from J-2 to J-3				1.13  The Registrar said that the work load of the 	Admin. Officer, City Campus has almost doubled because of morning, evening 	and weekend classes and various events. The Admin. Officer operates like a 	front office for all types of problems and at the same time liaises with the 	faculty, staff and visitors.				1.14  Mr. Khalili agreed that there is a heavy work 	load and the Admin. Officer remains there since morning till late evening.					1.15  The Registrar suggested that the position should 	be upgraded as Admin. Manager, City Campus. 				1.16 It was suggested that the present incumbent 	should be promoted because he was appointed against the vacant position of 	Admin. Officer of equivalent grade 17.				1.17  The Committee agreed to promote the Admin. 	Officer as Admin. Manager in Job Band equivalent to BPS-17.				1.18  The Registrar then presented the justifications 	for up-grading the position of House Keeping Supervisor at City Campus from 	J-2 to J-3 (Executive). The recommendation was accepted by the Executive 	Committee.				1.19  The Registrar then recommended up-gradation of 	the position of Admin. Assistant at the Main Campus from J-2 to J-3 	(Executive). He justified the up-gradation on the grounds of the increase in 	scope of work and the additional responsibilities that would be added after 	the completion of new Academic Block and CED.				1.20  The Director H.R. said that when the buildings 	are ready, the volume of work will increase but at this stage up-gradation 	is pre-mature. She said that salary increase may be allowed due to increase 	in volume of work.				1.21  Mr. Adnan Hameed said that as we are in the 	process of regularizing employees in BPS grades, their salary adjustment 	under the government structure will not be possible. 				1.22  The Dean  Director said that there has to be 	one person incharge of these facilities. He said that ToR and job 	responsibilities will have to be modified and there would be a dual 	reporting relationship between the Registrar and the Director CED for 	operations of CED Building. This post will have to be advertised. 					DECISION				1.23 The Committee decided to promote the Admin. 	Officer, City Campus as Admin. Manager in Job Band equivalent to BPS-17 	subject to approval by the Selection Board/BoG.				1.24 The Committee decided to up-grade the position 	of House Keeping Supervisor at City Campus from J-2 to J-3 (Executive).				1.25 The Committee also decided to up-grade the 	position of Admin. Assistant at Main Campus from J-2 to J-3 (Executive)				Projects Department:				1.26  The Director H.R. said that the Projects 	Department has sent recommendations for up-gradation of seven positions. 	She said that the two Projects Engineers have been recommended to be 	up-graded from Job Band 3 to Job Band 4 as Senior Manager. 					1.27  The Director Projects said that they have 	re-constituted Projects Department and at Main Campus there are only two 	engineers each having four to five different projects to execute. He said 	that the number of projects assigned to them has increased and they have 	also been given some additional responsibilities. He said that as decided in 	the earlier EC meeting, appointments in projects are time bound as such the 	promotion / up-gradation cases of Projects Department will not pass through 	the set process.				1.28  Mr. Zafar Siddiqui suggested that since it is 	time bound and it does not require to pass through the set process, only the 	financial impact should be worked out of the up-gradation of the seven 	positions so recommended. 				1.29  The Director Projects suggested that the 	positions of Quantity Surveyor and Supervisor should be up-graded and 	designated as Senior Quantity Surveyor and Senior Supervisor because of 	their experience and expansion in scope of work. 				1.30  The Dean  Director asked the Director Projects 	to prioritize and limit the numbers to only three to four positions. The 	recommendations will have to be presented to the Selection Board where it 	will be difficult to justify up-gradation on such a large scale. He 	further suggested that performance evaluation of Projects staff would not be 	considered in Calcom. Their performance evaluation will be considered 	separately because they are not regular employees and as soon as the 	projects are over, they will be relieved. He said that the prefix “Senior” 	can be added to the designations of Quantity Surveyor, and Supervisor but 	the compensation will be decided when we discuss the annual performance. 	Committee members agreed to this suggestion.				DECISION				1.31  The Committee decided that (a) the positions 	presently occupied by Mr. Abdur Rahman, Mr. Mahmood Bughio and Mr. Mohammad 	Sohail will be up-graded and (b) these cases will be referred to the 	Promotion Committee and if the Promotion Committee agrees, the 	recommendation of the Promotion Committee would be sent to the Selection 	Board.				1.32 The Committee decided that the performance 	evaluation of Projects staff would not be considered in Calcom. Their 	performance evaluation will be considered separately. The prefix “Senior” 	can be added to the designations of Quantity Surveyor, and Supervisor but 	the compensation will be decided at the time of annual performance 	evaluation.				ACTION				1.33 The Director H.R. would follow the procedure for 	up-grading the candidates i.e. internal advertisement, and interview of the 	candidates by the Promotion Committee and then by the Selection Board.					1.34  The Director H.R. would also present the 	recommendation for promotion of Admin. Officer to equivalent job band of 	grade 17 by re-designating the position as Admin. Manager.						 DECISION				2.11 The Committee approved the External Organization 	System as presented by Mr. Imran Batada and asked him to go ahead with it.						 DECISION						3.7 The Committee noted the value engineering and 	awarded the interior work package to M/s. Total Construction who are already 	working on Aman-CED Building. 									 DECISION						4.9 The Executive Committee endorsed the 	recommendations of the Project Consultant, TEC and the CP for 	pre-qualification of two 	contractors M/s National Engineering Services and M/s Siemens 	Pakistan in addition to five contractors listed in 4.6 above.							 DECISION				5.3 The Committee noted the up-date as given by the 	Director ICT.						