 DECISION												1.10 The 			Committee noted and approved the up-dates as noted above.												ACTION												1.11 Mr. M. 			Jawad Khan would obtain a generator on rent for two days to complete 			the hook up of the panel with the existing system.												 DECISION												2.3 The 			Committee in principle agreed to the proposal for continuation / 			extension of project management services for construction of Blocks 			B  C of the new Boys’ Hostel to M/s. Consult-Tech International. 			The Committee decided that the effective date of extension would be 			the date of the award of contract for continuation / extension.												ACTION												2.4 Mr. 			Shameem Ahmed would follow the procedural requirement. 															 DECISION												3.8 The 			Committee noted the report on the UAE trip made by the Registrar and 			Dr. Zaheeruddin Asif and took the following decisions: 															a)			IBA will be represented 			by the alumni chapter in UAE.						b)			An advertisement will be 			placed in the local newspapers in UAE announcing the IBA admission 			test.						c)			The same admission test 			fee would be charged from the candidates from outside Pakistan as is 			charged within Pakistan.												ACTION												3.9 The 			Registrar would place an advertisement in the local newspapers of 			UAE announcing about the holding of IBA admission test. 															3.10 Mr. Imran 			Batada to study correlation between SAT and IBA test results of 			those who have given SAT and have also appeared in IBA test.												3.11 Mr. Batada 			to examine the data of results of those admitted with 2’C’s and 1’B’ 			in the IBA examinations including mid-term, and final compared with 			2’B’s and 1’C’ and see their scores in 1st semester. 						 						 DECISION												4.8 The 			Committee allowed extension from March 28, 2013 for 75 days in the 			completion of Data Centre Tier III Project in all respect. The 			Committee further decided that if the Contractors exceed the allowed 			75 days, then penalty clause would be invoked. 												ACTION												4.9 Mr. Imran 			Batada would issue approval letter for extension of 75 days after 			March 27, 2013 for the completion of the project in all respect. He 			would also make penalty clause part of the extension letter. 												 DECISION												5.4 The 			Committee after a thorough discussion recommended the following for 			the Rewards mentioned against the names:						 																																	S.No.																		Name 						of Employee																								Designation																								Department																								Reward Level																												1.																		Faraz 						Ahmed																								Executive EMBA																		EMBA 						Program 																		3																												2.																		Kumail 						Raza Hemani																								Manager, Graduate Program Office 																								Graduate Program Office																		4																												3.																		Ummara 						Qureshi (Ms)																		Senior 						Executive (CDC)																		CDC																		3																												4.																		Khalid 						Perwaiz																		Project 						Manager																								Projects																		4																												5.																		Syed 						Rashid Ali																								Executive (Testing)																		Testing 						Services																		3																												6.																								Badar-un-Nisa (Ms)																								Assistant Librarian																		Library																		4																												7.																		Syed 						Akbar H. Kazmi																		Sr. 						Executive Finance-I (Payables)																		Finance																		4																												8.																		Syed 						Ali Akbar																		Web 						Graphics Designer																		ICT																		4																												9.																		Asjad 						Asad Siddiqi																		Manager 						(Procurement  Customer Support)																		ICT																		4																												10.																		Asha 						Lalita Chambers																								Telephone Operator																		Admin.																		2																												11.																		Shabana 						Amirali (Ms)																		Manager 						Admin. 																		Admin.																		3																												12.																		Tanveer 						Ahmed																		Sr. 						Executive I (Financial Aid)																		Admin.																		4																												13.																		Abdul 						Khalid																		Admin 						Officer (Travel  Protocol																		Admin.																								3																												14.																		Habib 						Zada																		Plumber																								Facilities Management																		2																												15.																		Umar 						Hayat																		Head 						Security Guard																								Security																		2																								 						5.5 The 			Committee decided that the concerned Department Heads will send 			their justifications to the Manager H.R. for the following for the 			Appreciation Letter who would forward it to the Dean  Director. The 			Dean  Director, if satisfied with the justifications, would issue 			the Appreciation Letter:						 																									S.No.															Name of 					Employee																				Designation																				Department																							1.															Fahad 					Rahman															Manager 					Internal Audit															Internal 					Audit																							2.															Asma 					Mahmood Shah															Team 					Leader-CMS Solution															ICT																							3.															Muhammad 					Ather Rana															Executive 					(Gen. Admin.)															Admin.																							4.															Ayatullah 					Memon															Admin. 					Assistant															Admin																			ACTION												5.6 The 			Director H.R. would send the recommended nominations to the AFC for 			approval. 						 															