 DECISION1.9 The Committee recommended the additions/changes in the Student Bodies Fund Policy and Procedures as presented by Mr. Moeid Sultan to the AFC for approval.1.10 The Committee requested the Registrar to advertise for prequalification of vendors for various activities / events including convocation, orientation, seminars, conferences, workshops, lectures and events arranged by the IBA and Societies as well. The prequalified vendors would be requested to quote the prices for the various activities and the lowest responsive bidder would be awarded the job. ACTION1.11 The Registrar would advertise for prequalification of vendors for various services to be supplied at functions / events of IBA.1.12 Mr. Moeid Sultan, in consultation with the Students’ Counsellor and would arrange to obtain feedback from the faculty, administration, students and some randomly selected sponsors on the professionalism exhibited by each society. b)Financial Policies.1.13 The Director Finance presented the proposed revision / additions/deletions in the existing Financial Policies which covered:·Maintenance of Accounts·Charge of fee, its payment and fee refund policy·Payroll Policy·Fee concession for IBA employees and eligible dependents·Car Entitlement Policy·Staff Provident Fund·Creditors/Payments to Third Parties·Review of basic pay-scales.1.14 The Director Finance said that in the existing policy it is mentioned that “no money shall be received in cash”, and the same has been retained in the proposed policy the only addition is of “promptly deposited” for cheques/demand drafts/pay orders received by the Finance Department.1.15 The Dean  Director observed that in exceptional cases, for example, if the donors are giving money in cash then we cannot refuse. He suggested to reword the sentences to read as,“No money shall be received in cash as a matter of routine. Cheques/Demand Drafts/Pay Orders/cash, if any, received by the Finance Department should also be promptly deposited into the IBA Bank account.”1.16 The Committee agreed with the Dean  Director and suggested to mention time limit for deposit of cash and other instruments.1.17 The Committee decided to replace the words, “future teaching periods”, with the words, “future semester”.1.18 The Committee decided to reword  DECISION1.22 The Committee recommended the proposed additions/deletions/amendments in the Financial Policies along with the decisions noted above to the AFC for approval.ACTION1.23 The Director Finance would present the revised Financial Policy to the AFC for approval. 1.24  The Director H.R. on behalf of the Dean  Director would issue a notification requesting the IBA employees to intimate the H.R. Department if any eligible dependent of the IBA employee has secured admission in Aga Khan University or GIK Institute or other similar institutions so that IBA may pay the fee for such students. DECISION2.9 The Committee approved the additional amount of Rs.1,360,823/- and the extension in time duration of contract from October 2, 2010 to January 31, 2011. DECISION3.12 This item was referred back to the Director Projects with the above observations.ACTION3.13 The Director Projects would send the design of the Library to the new Librarian and obtain and incorporate his input. He would re-submit the proposal bringing down the cost from Rs.127 million to Rs.....million. 3.14 The Director H.R. would invite the new Librarian and arrange his meeting with the Director Projects. DECISION4.10 The Committee recommended to the AFC to approve the award of work to M/s. Total Construction against a total price of Rs.147,476,213/- as they are technically and financially the lowest evaluatedresponsive bidder.ACTION4.11 The Director Projects would present the proposal to the AFC for consideration and approval. 