 DECISION																1.4 The 				Committee approved payment of Mobilization and Secured advance 				to DCT Construction against insurance guarantee from any of the 				three insurance companies mentioned at 1.3 above.																																 DECISION																				2.5 The 				Committee noted and appreciated that instead of 05 big UPS’s, 				only two small UPS’s of 60 KVA would cater the revised load of 				Aman Tower.																2.6 The 				Committee in principle approved the proposal of sparing one UPS 				from the existing system at City Campus to Aman Tower and 				advised Mr. Jawad Khan to present the details of the amendments 				required and its cost within 15 days for approval.																ACTION																2.7 Mr. 				Jawad Khan would present the engineering estimate for 				modification / up-gradation of the UPS system in the EC meeting.																				2.8 The 				Associate Deans will have a meeting with full time faculty and a 				separate meeting with visiting faculty and discuss the issue of 				late submission of results and the imposition of penalty. The 				penalty on late submission of results would be effective from 				the Fall 2013 semester. 																								 DECISION																3.3 The 				Committee decided that for the projects at City Campus Mr. Mobin 				Khalili and for those at the Main Campus the Registrar would be 				the client. The Committee further decided that Mr. Asad Ilyas 				will be the client of Sports Arena. Mr. Jawad Khan and Mr. 				Mushtaque will help the Registrar in electrical infrastructure 				system including power centre building and sub-station. Mr. 				Imran Batada will be the client for ICT systems. 																												 DECISION																4.4 The 				Committee decided that after incorporating the electricity 				charges (rate to be provided by the Director Projects to Mr. 				Asad Ilyas to re-calculate the estimated expenses and inform the 				EC through email) if there is a net profit, then we would go for 				the flood lighting. In such case the Director Projects would try 				to complete flood lighting for cricket ground instead of 				pavilion, two rooms including separate toilets, changing rooms, 				washrooms, sheds etc within the budget of Rs.10 million.																				ACTION																4.5 				Subject to the favourable balance (net profit) the Registrar 				would get two rooms constructed at the pavilion area which would 				include separate toilets for males and females, and changing 				rooms. 																4.6 The 				Director Projects would provide the design of the shade over the 				existing seating area and the two rooms with Wash rooms to the 				Registrar.																								 DECISION																5.7 The 				Committee appreciated the proposal prepared by Mr. Sharaf 				Hussain and Mr. Imran Batada for new labs. 																5.8 The 				Committee decided that the computer lab at the Multipurpose 				Building at Main Campus would continue to be the computer lab, 				and the existing lounge at the City Campus would be converted 				into computer lab. The Committee noted that with this 				arrangement no additional computers would be required to be 				purchased.																ACTION																				5.9 Mr. 				Imran Batada in consultation with Mr. Sharaf Hussain would 				depute competent and strong lab incharge at computer labs. 																5.10 Mr. 				Imran Batada would provide 20 PC’s for the lab stations at 				Students Centre. 																												