 DECISION  ACTION				1.2 Mr. Adnan Hameed would send the corrected draft report on Strategy 		Implementation to all concerned and obtain their feedback by January 15, 		2014. 				 DECISION				2.4 The Committee approved the installation of Glass Vestibule on 		Entrance of Aman CED Building, Main Campus as proposed by the Director 		Projects. The Committee also approved the engineers estimate of 		Rs.444,550/-.				ACTION				2.5 The Director Projects would float tender for the above mentioned 		work. 						 DECISION ACTION				3.4 Mr. Imran Batada would arrange a demonstration of Smart Board with 		the text conversion facility.						 DECISION				4.4 The Committee approved the second secured advance of Rs.5 million to 		M/s. Project Managers, the Contractors for renovation and refurbishment 		of existing Library at the Main Campus.				 DECISION				5.6 The Committee approved the construction of boundary wall and ramp 		road on the southern side of the under-construction Auditorium at City 		Campus through Al-Shafi Enterprises at a lump sum cost of Rs.3 million.				5.7 The Committee decided that subject to security clearance, there 		would be Jangla of appropriate height around the Aman Tower and MJS 		Auditorium.				b) Solution to broken/damaged sewerage lines at IBA Staff Town.				5.8 The Director Projects reported that as decided by EC, he consulted 		with Mr. Abdul Mateen of NESPAK on the issue of sewerage line at IBA 		Staff Town. He said that the immediate solution is to put 550’ line and 		the line of a bungalow be annexed to it because the sewerage line of 		other bungalows is not upto the required level. The line would be 		connected to HEJ Line. He said that he reviewed the design which was 		prepared by NESPAK in 2009 but because of its cost it was not executed. 		Mr. Shameem Ahmed said that they had assumed that when the sewerage line 		of Karachi University would be ready, they would get the IBA Staff Town 		sewerage line connected to it but Karachi University does not have the 		resources to complete it. The Dean  Director said that we should not go 		for the Karachi University sewerage line as they may not meet our future 		needs. The Director Projects said that the total cost for the sewerage 		line from Gate to Old Girls’ Hostel as suggested by M/s Al-Shafi 		Enterprises is Rs.2,194,499/- for which he would find budget from Admin. 		Building. Mr. Moeid Sultan wanted to know if we are following the 		procurement rule. The Director Projects said that if we charge Admin 		Building, it would be within 15% of the project cost and would be 		carried out by Al-Shafi Enterprises. The Dean  Director asked as to who 		is doing the external development work at Main Campus. The Director 		Projects replied that M/s. Venture Crest are working on the External 		Development project. The Dean  Director suggested that the proper 		course of action would be that the sewerage work of IBA Staff Town is a 		component of the External Development. The winner of the contract for 		External Development M/s. Venture Crest may be issued variation order 		for carrying out this work. Venture Crest may choose to sub-contract it 		to Al-Shafi as they are already mobilized there and Venture Crest does 		not have the resources. The Director Projects said that he would follow 		this process. 				5.9 The Director Projects suggested to get the sewerage design of Staff 		Town prepared by NESPAK back in 2009 reviewed by them keeping in mind 		the future requirements including faculty apartments and included in the 		Master Plan for future use. He said that if approved by EC, he would 		prepare and advertise the RFP. 				DECSION  ACTION				5.10 The Committee approved the award of External Sewerage system of IBA 		Staff Town to Venture Crest who may sub-contract the work to M/s. Al-Shafi 		Enterprises at a cost of Rs.2.194 million.				5.11 The Director Projects would prepare and advertise the RFP for the 		sewerage of Staff Town. 				