 DECISION2.6The Committee appreciated the proposal for rewarding / recognizing employees at IBA for their outstanding performance and approved the Reward Policy as presented by the Director H.R.2.7The Committee requested Mr. Zafar Siddiqui and Dr. Nasir Afghan to suggest the performance required for each level to the Director H.R. for incorporating in the Reward Policy.ACTION2.8Mr. Zafar Siddiqui and Dr. Nasir Afghan would suggest the performance / achievements to be required for each level to the Director H.R. for incorporating in the Reward Policy.b)  Grievances of Option ‘A’ employees’ on Earned Leave entitlement and other issues.2.9 The Director H.R. stated that the employees of Option ‘A’ have raised the following concerns for consideration by the Executive Committee:1. Reinstatement of Leave Allowed to Government employees 2. Double Overtime in Holidays 3. Pending Promotion Cases4. Reinstatement of IBA Supplement5. Medical OPD Facilities6.Constructing Houses at IBA Staff Town for IBA Employees7. Children Education Expenses given to employees8. Employees Cooperative Housing Society9. Compensation for Examination DutiesReinstatement of Leave Allowed to Government employees: 2.10 The Director H.R. stated that the existing IBA Leave rules came into effect with the approval of IBA Board of Governors in January 2004 whereby, IBA employees’ entitlement of 48 earned leaves was reduced to 30 earned leaves with provision of encashment of 30 days’ leaves. She said that they sought legal opinion from Mumtaz Associates and they were of the opinion that the IBA Board of Governors is empowered to reduce the Earned leaves from the 48 days prescribed in University of Karachi Leave Rules to 30 days as per its own rules. This action of the Board of Governors does not suffer from any legal infirmities.2.11The Director wanted to know as to what is the government’s current earned leave rule. 2.12It was confirmed that according to government rules 48 days earned leaves are allowed. 2.13The Director said that they cannot withdraw the advantages available to Option “A’ employees. He said that in all fairness and equity they should restore the 48 days Earned leave to Option ‘A’ employees. He requested the Director H.R. to present the case before the Board through AFC for reversal of decision of 30 days Earned Leave for Option ‘A’ employees.DECISION2.14The Committee agreed with the Director that the Board should be requested to reverse its earlier decision on reduction of Earned Leave from 48 to 30 for Option ‘A’ employees.ACTION2.15The Director H.R. would present the case to the Board through AFC for reversal of the decision on Earned Leaves.Double Overtime on Holidays:2.16 The Director H.R. stated that she sought legal advice on the claim of double overtime on holidays. She said that the legal opinion is that there is no separate formula for computation of over time on holidays, standard over time rates will apply, however if Board of Governors had approved a different policy for over time on holidays only then would a different calculation apply.DECISION2.17  In light of the legal opinion stated above the Committee did not approve the requested double overtime on holidays.Pending Promotion Cases:2.18  Mr. Mobin Khalili said that there is no promotion policy for Option “A” employees. Dr. Sayeed Ghani also said that there is a need to refix the salary of some of the lower grade employees as they are at IBA for quite some time but there salary is very low.DECISIION2.19  The Director asked the Director H.R. to make a promotion policy and devise a four tier formula for fixation of salary.ACTION2.20  The Director H.R. would make a promotion policy and devise a four tier formula for fixation of salary of lower grade employees.Reinstatement of IBA Supplement:2.21  The Director said that the employees had exercised their option and he would not be re-opening this issue. Medical OPD Facilities:2.22  The Director said that the Government policy of OPD will be applicable to Option “A” employees.Constructing Houses at IBA Staff Town for IBA Employees 2.23  The proposal of constructing houses at IBA Staff Town for IBA employees was not agreed.Children Education Expenses previously given to IBA employees:2.24  The Committee was informed that previously lower grade employees were reimbursed the school fees and payments for books and copies which has been discontinued.DECISION2.25  The Committee decided to allow reimbursement of fees and payment for books and copies to children of lower grade employees out of Welfare Fund.2.26  The Committee also decided that IBA would encourage the deserving and bright children of IBA employees to pursue their studies by providing financial support from welfare fund. 2.27  The Director H.R. would prepare a scheme for reimbursement of fees and for payments for books and copies. ACTION2.28  The Director H.R. would prepare a scheme for reimbursement of fees and for payments for books and copies for the children of lower grade employees out of IBA Welfare Fund.Employees Cooperative Housing Society:2.29  The Committee was informed that earlier an initiative was taken by Dr. Shahid Mir and others for the IBA Employees Cooperative Housing Society. The proposal was reportedly sent to Governor’s House also but its outcome is not known.DECISION2.30  The Director said that IBA would do everything possible to facilitate completion of the formalities in forming employees’ cooperative housing society, obtaining NOC from concerned organizations etc. but he made it clear that IBA would not be making any funding for this. The Committee agreed with the Director.Compensation for Examination Duties2.31  The request for compensation for examination duties was not accepted as the Committee observed that the examination duties are part of the job responsibilities.2.32 Once the decisions taken above are approved by the AFC they should be communicated and widely disseminated among the staff of IBA.  DECISION3.4The Committee approved the recruitment strategy as presented by Dr. Nasir Afghan and asked him to go ahead with his plan as he would be the focal person for the implementation of this plan. He was specifically requested to draft letters to the President, OCCI and other organizations mentioned above on behalf of the Director IBA, get newspaper ad prepared through advertising agency and obtain mailing list from the Alumni Office of IBA.ACTION3.5Dr. Nasir Afghan would implement the decisions as noted in 3.4 above. DECISION4.3  The Committee requested the Director ICT and the Director Projects to decide themselves about the division for ICT and Projects Departments budgets instead of discussing it in the EC.ACTION4.4  The Director ICT and the Director Projects would agree upon the division of ICT and Projects Departments budget and submit it to the Director Finance before March 31st. 