 DECISION1.11The Committee approved the recommendations to cancel the bids. 1.12The Committee requested the Registrar to provide the requirements to the Director Projects which shall be communicated to the Architects.1.13The Director Projects will table the recommendation of the Executive Committee before the AFC to float new tenders based on revised design by IBA and request them to cancel the present bids.ACTION1.14The Registrar will provide the requirements to the Director Projects for preparing a fresh BOQ. 1.15The Director Projects will place the recommendation of the Executive Committee for cancellation of bids before the AFC. DECISION2.4The Committee requested the Director Projects to review the size and design of the complex so that its cost may be reduced.b)To consider and approve draft of Code of Conduct.2.5 The Director H.R. stated that she had presented the draft version of the Code of Conduct in the last EC meeting and it was decided that the members will give their feedback in the next meeting of the Executive Committee.2.6  The Director ICT said that he has prepared a code for his department which is of over hundred pages. He said that if that is added to the Code of Conduct presented by the Director H.R. it would be very heavy.2.7  Mr. Zafar A. Siddiqui said that the Code of Conduct should come as performance objective for department heads.2.8  The Director Projects said that performance objectives should be measurable.2.9  Mr. Mobin Khalili said that the code book should be more comprehensive and the Code of Conduct presented by the Director H.R should be preface to that.2.10  The Director said that the Code of Conduct will be for the whole institution but at the same time every department can have its own code / policy document. The common codes may be deleted from the codes prepared by the departments.DECISION2.11 The Committee requested Dr. Arshad Siddiqi and Mr. Zafar A. Siddiqui to provide documents related to Code of Conduct available with them to the Director H.R.2.12  The Director H.R. and two Associate Deans would revise staff orientation and staff handbook and ensure that all relevant information is included in that. 2.13 The Director H.R would include in the Code a bullet point related to policy on plagiarism. DECISION3.3The Committee decided that along with actual, per diem should also be included and that would be optional one can avail either the actual or per diem in one travelling. 3.4The Committee also decided that the Directors would be entitled to Business Class and the rest would be allowed Economy Class. If any one wants to go by other than the allowed class, he / she would pay the difference from his / her own pocket. 3.5The Director said that our policy should be consistent and everything should be in accordance with government policy.ACTION3.6The Director H.R. would present revised draft incorporating the changes suggested by the EC for final recommendation to the AFC. DECISION4.12  The Committee approved the policy along with the modifications suggested by the Director Finance and Dr. Sayeed Ghani.ACTION4.13  The Director Finance will revise the draft policy and present it to the AFC for approval.