 DECISION3.6The Committee agreed with theDirector that the IBA should not spend money on the detailed design anddrawings of multi-storeyed building at the City Campus to be funded by AmanFoundation.  3.7The Committee decided that theneed of classrooms in each campus would be decided jointly by the ProgramCoordinators and the Program Offices. The Committee further decided that theformulation of time table, allocation of classrooms, teaching methodology willbe under the Associate Deans.  3.8The Committee requested theDirector Projects to erect temporary sheds for the students when the constructionwork at Academic Block of Main Campus is started.3.9The Committee also decided thatthe requirement list shall be issued to three Architects namely (1) M/s. HabibFida Ali, (2) M/s. FMNH, and (3) NBC (Pvt.) Ltd.  The Committee decided that the services scopewill not include the designing.  ACTION3.10The Director Projects would getthe draft letter approved by the Director before issuance of letter to thethree Architects. DECISION4.4       The Committeeapproved the recommendation to award the Video Documentary Project to M/s. BBCLat a cost of Rs.650,000/- and the cost would be charged to advertisementproject.  4.5       TheCommittee further decided that ex-post facto approval would be obtained fromthe AFC for the Video Documentary Project.  ACTION4.6       The Director PublicAffairs would ensure that ex-post facto approval from the AFC is obtained. DECISION5.2The Committee considered theapplication of Mr. Danish Iqbal Allahwala and decided that the decisions of theDiscipline Committee are final and the Executive Committee will not over rulesuch decisions.  ACTION5.3The Registrar would convey thedecision of the Executive Committee to Mr. Danish Iqbal Allahwala.   DECISION6.3       The Committee approvedthe purchase of 64 Toshiba brand laptops of 14” display and one Toshiba laptopof 12” display at per unit price of Rs.60,000/- and Rs.99,900/- respectively.   DECISION7.2The Committee considered thesuggestions given by Mr. Muhammad Anwar. However, the Committee regretted to considerthe suggestion at this stage as the tender has already been floated and thebids have been received.  ACTION7.3The Registrar would convey thedecision to Mr. Muhammad Anwar.  