 DECISION1.3 The up-dates given above were noted.1.4 The Committee decided that the Status Reports from the Registrar would be considered in his presence in the next EC meeting.  DECISION2.3 The Committee agreed with Mr. Mobin Khalili and allowed “Incomplete” to Mr. M. Tarique Siraj.ACTION2.4 The Registrar would convey the decision of the Executive Committee to Mr. M. Tarique Siraj, and to Mr. Shahid Zaki, Director EMBA Program.b)Mr. Ahsan Ahmed: 2.5 The employer of Mr. Ahsan Ahmed requested for make-up exam for Mathematics  Statistics paper after August 31, 2010 as Mr. Ahsan was given an important assignment with deadline by the organization which he had to complete anyhow. 2.6  Mr. Mobin Khalili said that as per rule make up is allowed to a student who is sent outside city by his employer but in this case Mr. Ahsan is not leaving the city.2.7  The Director said that it is the official assignment because of which a student is unable to take the exam. He further said that in case of Mr. Ahsan they have verification from the employer too. DECISION2.8  The Committee allowed make-up examination to Mr. Ahsan Ahmed.ACTION2.9  The Registrar would convey the decision of the Executive Committee to Mr. Ahsan Ahmed, and to Mr. Shahid Zaki, Director EMBA Program.2.10 The Controller of Examinations would arrange make up examination for Mathematics  Statistics for Mr. Ahsan Ahmed. c)Ms. Sana Sarwar:2.11 Ms. Sana Sarwar reported in her application that she could not appear in the paper of Business Finance in the final examination as she had to take her mother to the emergency of LNH. She reported that her mother is Hepatitis ‘C” positive.2.12 Mr. Mobin Khalili said that the policy does not allow make-up in such cases. He suggested that Ms. Sana Sarwar may be allowed “I” (Incomplete) in the course of Business Finance of which she could not take the final exam.DECISION2.13 The Committee agreed to the suggestion of Mr. Khalili and allowed “Incomplete” in the course of Business Finance.ACTION2.14 The Registrar would convey the decision of the Executive Committee to Ms. Sana Sarwar, and to Mr. Shahid Zaki, Director EMBA Program.  DECISION3.14 The Committee agreed with the Director and decided that the Director Projects should consult the Head of Internal Audit for opinion whether the Sports Ground can be included as an extension in the Students’ Centre. ACTION3.15 The Director Projects would consult the Head of Internal Audit and in case the Head of Internal Audit does not advise to include the Sports Ground as an extension of Students’ Centre, then he would issue a tender for this. 