 DECISION1.3       The Director advisedthe Director Finance to finalize and present the draft budget in the next ECmeeting.  1.4The Director requested theDirector H.R. to look into the work flow and in consultation with the DirectorFinance depute a dedicated staff in the Finance Department for capitalprojects.1.5Regarding health insurancecoverage, the Director said that if the medical reimbursement is cheaper thanthe health insurance premium, then we should continue medical reimbursementpolicy rather than going for health insurance. He advised the Director Financeto provide for reimbursement for medical facilities in the budget.1.6Regarding comprehensiveinsurance for IBA property, the Director said that first we should get a surveythrough insurance people of the whole building to determine the replacementcost then we can decide what are to be covered. He said that the first processshould be to appoint an Insurance Surveyor. He advised the Director Projects to provide rough figure for thecomprehensive insurance of the IBA propertyACTION1.7The Director Finance willpresent the draft budget in the next EC meeting.  1.8The Director Projects willprovide figures for the comprehensive insurance of IBA property and get asurvey of the IBA property done to determine the replacement cost.1.9The Director H.R. inconsultation with Director Finance will depute a person to look after thecapital projects in the Finance Department.   DECISIONS2.3       The Director saidthat Manager Public Affairs and Manager Communication is one position. It maybe named as Manager Public Affairs and Communication.  2.4       The position ofExecutive Secretary for Director CED was up-graded and named as CoordinatorCED.2.5       There will be auniform designation of Executive Secretary instead of Secretary, and ExecutiveSecretary.2.6       The Director saidthat in view of decentralization of purchase functions which has been dividedamong Projects Department, I.T. Department and the Registrar’s office, there isno need for Assistant Purchase Officer.   ACTION2.7       The Director H.R. will implement the abovedecisions. DECISION3.15The members present endorsedthe recommendations of the ERP and agreed that we should have a completelydifferent MBA program than offered now. The contents of the proposed MBAprogram will be independent of the BBA program and cater to the market demand.Our best faculty would be devoted to MBA program. Our pedagogy would be amixture of classroom lectures, case studies, and problem solving activities sothat it may be more attractive.  Testingand assessment would also be structured differently from the current practiceand those applicable to BBA program.3.16     There will be arequirement of minimum two years experience for admission to MBA program butthe Director H.R. will give her feed back after getting in touch with the top10 employers and enquiring whether our graduates will face any limitations ofage in job market as a result of this program.3.17     The program will startfrom September 2009.  The Open House, theadmission advertisements and the program announcement will reflect that we havenew rejuvenated MBA program.3.18     There will be threestreams of specialization in the program Marketing, Finance, and MIS and abi-major also.3.19     We will develop amarketing strategy to familiarize all concerned about the new MBA program. Afull time Program Director will be appointed for this program. (The Directorrequested the members present to help him, Dr. Sayeed Ghani and Dr. Muhammad Nishat in finding the right person – (an experienced person who commands respectof everybody, has problem solving approach, can coordinate with faculty, shouldhave empathy with the students and knows what is happening outside).3.20     The Director Projectswill make sure that there will be two dedicated rooms fully equipped with furniture,multimedia and video conferencing facilities available on each campus for theMBA program. The Director I.T. will help in making I.T related facilitiesavailable.  3.21     The Program DesignGroup formed by the Director will frequently meet to finalize the program.   DECISION4.8The Committee approved thepre-qualifications of the three Consultants as recommended in 4.3 above.ACTION4.9The Director H.R. would ask thethree Consultants to give their bids as suggested by the Director Projects in4.6 above.