 DECISION						1.7 The Committee decided that brochures containing details of our 			programs offered, requirements for admission to these programs, and 			the facilities available be sent to the selected schools 			(International schools along with British and Cambridge schools) in 			Saudi Arabia and UAE. Depending upon the response from the selected 			schools, we may proceed further.						1.8 The Committee decided that Mr. Lashari on behalf of the Dean  			Director would write to the embassies in Saudi Arabia and UAE 			informing them about the orientation programs to be organized for 			the students of the selected schools in these countries. 						1.9 The Committee decided that the construction of 2nd block of 			Boys’ Hostel should be initiated. 						ACTION						1.10 Mr. Ishfaque Lashari would approach Pakistani Professional 			Association to identify the schools where Pakistani students are 			studying. Mr. Lashari would visit Dow University to obtain list of 			schools / colleges in Saudi Arabia and UAE.						1.11 Mr. Shameem Ahmed would ask the Consultant to prepare tender 			documents and detailed drawings of the remaining two blocks of Boys’ 			Hostel.						1.12 Mr. Shameem Ahmed would ask the contractor to give priority to 			the residential block of the Girls’ Hostel so that it is completed 			before September 2013. 									 DECISION  ACTION						2.3 The Committee requested Mr. Shameem Ahmed to re-submit the 			proposal incorporating the suggestions noted in 2.2 above. 									 DECISION  ACTION 						3.7 The Director H.R. would get the suggestions noted in 3.5 and 3.6 			above implemented. 									 DECISION						4.4 The Committee decided that there would be three outlets the 			bigger outlet combining the two existing ones will be reserved for 			Pakistani food which would also be cooked there. 						ACTION						4.5 The Projects Department would arrange and provide the facilities 			details of which were already provided by the Registrar to the 			Director Projects. 									 DECISION						5.2 The Committee noted and approved the fourth system of appraisal 			for supervisory positions. 									