 DECISION1.2       Although theCommittee was informed of prior consultation with the members, it was decidedthat members of the Executive Committee should send their comments /observations, if any, to the Head of Internal Audit within a week by email.1.3The Committee further decidedthat the Head of Internal Audit would incorporate the comments, if any, made bythe members Executive Committee and prepare a final draft for AFC’sapproval. The Head of Internal Audit would also attach a self-explanatory letterwith the Policy for AFC.1.4With regard to delegation ofapproval authority to another employee in the absence of an employee havingdelegated approval authority, the Committee decided that notification to thiseffect would be issued by the Head of the concerned department and copy wouldbe marked to Director HR, Director Finance, Director IT, the Head of InternalAudit and other concerned heads.  Inaddition for absence of level three employees i.e. Director Finance, DirectorH.R., Registrar, a copy of the nomination would be sent to the Director. 1.5The Committee requestedDirector Finance to prepare guidelines and rules for operating the imprestaccount and provide that to all concerned.ACTION1.6The members of the ExecutiveCommittee would send their comments on the Transaction Authority Policy andProcedure, if any, to the Head of Internal Audit within one week by email.  1.7The Director H.R. would requestthe heads of respective departments to issue a notification for nomination of aperson who would be the acting head in their respective departments in theirabsence and inform the Director and all concerned including the Director H.R,Director Finance, Head of Internal Audit.  DECISION2.2The Committee approved theproposed organizational structure with the following modification: i)The Project Planning Development Department would be named as Projects  Facilities ManagementDepartment.ii)The City Campus Coordinatorwill be reporting to the Registrar and the job of Coordinator would be assignedto a person as an additional responsibility. iii)The Coordinator City Campuswould be seeking inputs and services from every support department but he / shewould be responsible for the overall administration and smooth operation andfunctioning of the City Campus. iv)Profit centres such as CEE, CEDwould be charged for the services provided by the IBA.  v)         TheDirector H.R. was advised to revisit the structure of H.R. Department. vi)        TheDirector said that second in command at this stage is not needed. If the headof a department leaves, a new high powered person would be appointed. Duringsuch time a new person is appointed, one of the existing senior staff would beassigned additional responsibility. The reason for this he said was that hedoes not want to create more jobs in non-teaching department as he has tostrengthen the academic side.    vii)       TheAssociate Deans would present their proposed organizational chart to theDirector H.R. by December 20, 2008. The Director H.R. would present theproposed organizational chart of H.R. Department before the ExecutiveCommittee. viii)      TheDirector H.R. was advised to get and appoint an Assistant Controller ofExaminations. She was also advised to try to find if internal candidate forthis position is available. ix)        TheController of Examinations would provide job descriptions and jobspecifications for the position of Assistant Controller of Examinations to theDirector H.R.   DECISION3.5       The Committeerequested the Registrar to issue the notification again for the faculty andhave it placed on the IBA portal also.ACTION3.6       The Registrar willre-issue the notification for faculty regarding leave during semester break andalso get the notification placed on the IBA Portal.