 DECISIONS1.2The Committee decided to freezethe position of Executive Secretary at CEE and the positions of Assistants inAssociate Deans’ Offices. On the advice of the Controller of Examinations, theCommittee also decided to freeze the position of Assistants for the ExaminationsDepartment till such time the office space is made available.1.3In coordination with theDirector H.R. the Associate Deans were requested to depute the four surplusstaff to be identified by the Librarian at some other departments of IBA.  1.4The Director said that insteadof two positions one of Store Officer and Accounts Officer at PPFMDepartment, there should be one position responsible for store and accounts.The Committee agreed with the Director.1.5The Director asked the DirectorProjects to revisit the number of positions and reduce it to a minimum.1.6While discussing positions inI.T. department, the Director said that because of ERP, the head count must bereduced. He advised the Director I.T. to structure his set up in such a waywhere existing employees may be restructured in his department. He asked theDirector I.T. to revisit and reduce the manpower requirement.ACTION1.7The Director Projects and theDirector I.T. would revisit their manpower requirements and give the minimumrequirement to H.R. Department.1.8Mr. Munawar will prepare arevised status report based on the revised requirements to be submitted by theDirector Projects and the Director I.T. He would separately show the status of vacancies and new positionsproject related and permanent positions.   1.9Mr. Munawar was also asked toprepare a list of students engaged at IBA against various positions and toremove such positions from the pay roll. DECISION2.7The Committee approved theprequalification of contractors for maintenance works as recommended by theDirector Projects.ACTION2.8       The Director Projectswould contact some contractors pre-qualified for other work and assign them thegarbage removal work.   DECISION3.3The Executive Committeeapproved the recommendation of the Director Projects for changes in thedocuments being issued to Contractors for bidding purposes as they are allowedby PEC and harmonized with PPRA rules.  ACTION3.4The Director Projects would includethe changes in the documents to be issued to Contractors for bidding purposes. DECISION4.2       The Executive Committee formed a sub-committee comprising Mr.Ali Taha, Director Finance, Mr. Zafar A. Siddiqui, Director CED, and Ms. AyeshaA. Menai, Director H.R. who would open the financial bids and after evaluatingthe financial and technical bids submit their recommendations to the ExecutiveCommittee for approval.ACTION4.3The Director H.R. would arrangea meeting of the sub-committee and present the recommendation of thesub-committee in the next meeting of the Executive Committee.