 DECISION2.8The Committee approvedprequalification of 12 companies as recommended by the Consultants and did not agree to the categorization of thecontractors into two categories. The Committee advised the Director Projects toallocate the work after considering respectiveproject requirements viz-a-viz the strengths and weaknesses of the 12companies.ACTION2.9The Director Projects will allocatethe work according to the strengths and weaknesses of the 12 companies as compared to our project requirements. DECISION3.3The Committee approved theconstruction of two washrooms one for gents and one for ladies and a pantry assuggested by the Director Projects at an estimated cost of Rs.72,000/- (144sq.ft @ Rs.500/- per sq.ft.).3.4The Committee requested theDirector Projects to request Tapal / Brooke Bond for installing tea dispenserswhich they usually provide free of cost.b)         Spaces for gardeners, drivers, electricians,janitors, and washroom facilities3.5       The Director Projectsinformed the Committee that gardeners, drivers, electricians and janitorial staffdo not have proper places and storage facilities for their tools and plants. Atthe same time the existing washroom facilities are too unhygienic.  He proposed to build a temporary facilitywith adequate washroom facilities for these staff. He said that the total areashall be approximately 1138 sq.ft and the estimated cost would be Rs.295,880/-(1138 sqft @ Rs.260/- per sqft.). He also presented the proposed drawing forthe temporary facilities.3.6     The Director advisedthe Director Projects to arrange spaces and washroom facilities on permanentand not on temporary basis.  He said thatminimum temporary facilities should be constructed. The Director Projectssuggested that the permanent facility can be created besides theunder-construction multipurpose building.DECISION3.7       The Committee did notapprove the proposal of the Director Projects for construction of spaces for gardeners,drivers, electricians, janitors and washroom facilities and advised theDirector Projects to construct these facilities besides the multipurposebuilding.            c)   Construction of offices for maintenancestaff at the City Campus3.8       The Director Projectsstated that at present there is no office space available to maintenanceengineer and his staff at the City Campus. They do not have any phone and even acabinet to store their documents and tools  plants. They are operatingfrom a small table located in a verandah outside the auditorium.3.9       The Director Projectsproposed to construct temporary offices for the maintenance staff consisting oftwo rooms of 10'x10', wash room 6'x10'and a meeting room of about 19'x10'. Thetemporary offices will be adequately equipped with furniture, phone line, dataline etc. the total approximate area shall be 460 sq.ft. and the estimated costshall be Rs.161,000/- (460 sq.ft @Rs.350 per sq.ft.).  Furniture cost shall be of approx Rs.100,000/-DECISION3.10The Director said that he wantsoffices to be constructed on permanent basis and the new Administration Blockwill have rooms for such people.  Headvised the Director Projects to get a room at APWA facilities till such timepermanent offices in new Administration Block are ready. The Committee agreedwith the Director.ACTION 3.11The Director Projects wouldarrange a room at APWA facilities which are being rented by IBA. DECISION4.4The Committee approved theproposal of acquiring auditorium of APWA at a monthly rent of Rs.25,000/- forthree years period. ACTION4.5       The G.M. (PD)will sign agreement for acquiring the auditorium of APWA on rent.  DECISION5.2The Committee decided toenhance the per hour rate from Rs.200/- to Rs.250/- per hour for students ofMBA-III  IV, and from Rs.150/- to Rs.200/- per hour for BBA-III to BBA-VIstudents engaged as Teaching Assistants. The rate will be effective from the Fall semester 2008.5.3The Committee requested the DirectorH.R. to know if LUMS provides any tuition waiver in addition to T.A. Ship.5.4The Committee further decidedthat Teaching and Research Assistantships would be provided to only thosestudents who have top grades. ACTION5.5The Director Finance will arrangeto pay the difference to Mr. Haris Gulzar and other engaged during Fall 2008onward.5.6The Director H.R. would ensurethat the teaching and research assistantships are provided to only thosestudents who have top grades and get to know if LUMS provides any tuitionwaiver in addition to T.A. Ship.  DECISION6.5The Committee noted the clarificationsgiven by Mr. Irfan Nabi and Dr. Arshad Siddiqi and authorized the payment ofthe laptops that was withheld due to the issues raised by Mr. Irfan Nabi.