 DECISION1.2The Committee in principleapproved the procurement of two 500 KVA generators. However, the Committeedecided that the second generator would be procured and installed only afterthe Electrical Consultant justifies the need for the second generator on thebasis of the actual load. 1.3The Committee requested theDirector Projects to let the Committee know as to when the ElectricalConsultant would be hired.1.4The Committee requested theDirector Projects to ensure that all the air-conditioners are commissioned inboth the campuses by March 2009. 1.5The Director Projects wasrequested to contact KESC for additional connected load.1.6The Director Projects wasadvised to ask the Electrical Consultant to make provision for electrical loadfor future ERP requirements also.ACTION 1.7The Director Projects willarrange to procure one 500 KVA generator and up-date the Executive Committee onthe hiring of Electrical Consultant and contact KESC for obtaining additionalconnected load for the City Campus.1.8       The Director I.T.will give electrical load requirements for IT Centre and ERP to the ElectricalConsultant.  DECISION2.4       The Committee approvedthe request of Chief of HRM Wing of FBR to allow the new batch to start theirclasses at IBA from April 2009. 2.5       The Committee furtherdecided that for next batch they would be requested to reschedule their programso that the batch could come and join in January 2010. 2.6       The Committee furtherdecided that the Controller of Examinations would manage the under-load andover load factors of the teachers assigned to teach in the MBA(Tax Management)program. ACTION2.7       The Registrar willinform Ms. Azra Mujtaba, Chief of the HRM Wing of the FBR that we wouldaccommodate the batch according to their schedule. 2.8       The Controller ofExaminations will inform department chairs and concerned program office andsort out this program.  DECISION3.4       The Committee agreedwith Director H.R. and approved the proposal presented in 3.3 above. 3.5       The Committee decidedthat the probation period as suggested in 3.3 above would be applicable tofaculty also.ACTION3.6       The Director H.R.will ensure that for all appointments in future, the probation clause is included. DECISION4.3The Committee requested DirectorH.R. to obtain details from LUMS on what they pay to their students who do parttime job on the Campus. ACTION4.4The Director H.R. will obtaindetails from LUMS and present them before the Executive Committee at its nextmeeting to fix the rate or TAs.  DECISION5.4The Committee appreciated thedonation of gold medals from Mrs. Shameem Ahmad and decided that the goldmedals would be given from next year.5.5The Committee decided that the AcademicCommittee would frame rules for gold medal. ACTION5.6Dr. Muhammad Nishat wouldrequest the Academic Committee to frame rules for award of gold medals. 