 DECISION1.3The Committee decided to allowa maximum of six absences for 75 minutes sessions and 9 absences for 50 minutessessions only to those students who officially represent the IBA at national orinternational level activities and have prior approval of the Director.  However, it would not be applicable toevening program students. This change will become effective immediately. 1.4The Committee further decidedthat availing six or nine absences would not be a right of the students and hasnothing to do with emergencies.  For allother students, the existing practice of class absences will be followed. ACTION 1.5The Registrar will ensure thatthis policy is notified immediately among all the students, program staff andthe faculty and is included in the next Program Announcement. 1.6The Program offices shouldinform all the students while the Student Counsellors should notify to officebearers of all societies for wider dissemination. DECISION2.4       The Committeerequested Mr. Imran Khan to obtain training cost and email to the ExecutiveCommittee for its approval. 2.5       The Committee wantedto know the details of all costs related to the project before signing theagreement. ACTION2.6       Mr. Imran Khan will obtainthe cost of training and details of other related costs and send it to theExecutive Committee for approval.2.7       The Committee furtherdecided that Mr. Imran Khan will contact other universities in Pakistanfor forming a consortium for this project.  DECISION3.3The Committee decided that weshould check what Aga Khan University and otheruniversities do. If they give gold plated medals then we should continue thattradition and if they give real gold then IBA should also do that.3.4The Committee further decidedthat if it is to be real Gold Medal, then the cost would be covered from theConvocation Budget.3.5The Committee decided that thisyear M/s. H. Aftab Gold Medal for Marketing Research should be given to thestudent who scores the highest marks in MBR only. The decision taken in the nineteenthmeeting of the Executive Committee with regard to M/s. H. Aftab Gold Medal forMarketing Research would be applicable from next year. ACTION3.6Mr. Ali Taha, Director Finance will obtain information from the Aga Khan University and other universities regardingGold Medal and inform the Committee accordingly.3.7The Registrar will ensure thatthis year the Marketing Research Gold Medal sponsored by M/s. H. AftabAssociates is given to the student who scores the highest marks in MBR. DECISION4.2The Committee decided thatinstead of reduced course load, she may continue teaching as part time faculty.4.3The Committee further decidedthat the Director H.R. would frame a policy on it.ACTION4.4Dr. Sayeed Ghani would conveythe decision of the Executive Committee to Ms. Aniqa Shah.4.5The Director H.R. would frame apolicy on reduced course load. DECISION5.3The Committee suggested thatRs.4.5 million may be re-allocated from the budget for Boys’ Hostel to theGirls’ Hostel expansion.ACTION5.4       Mr. Shameem Ahmedwill prepare a paper for the AFC for reallocation of budget and would alsoinclude internet connectivity cost in the estimated expenditure.5.5       Mr. Shameem Ahmedwill obtain internet connectivity cost from Mr. Azam Sardar. 