 DECISION				1.6 The Committee approved the proposal for purchase of four Kiosks for 		Rs.110,000 each.				ACTION				1.7 The Director Projects would arrange a meeting of Dr. Shahid Qureshi 		and the Registrar with Mr. Zayed of NBCL to finalize the design and 		integration of the Kiosks (including future requirements) with the 		Master Plan. They would also select the place where the Kiosks would be 		placed.				1.8 The Registrar would float tender for the purchase of four plastic 		Kiosks. 						b) Request for Permission of Lockers at IBA				1.9 Dr. Shahid Qureshi reported that one of their students (member of 		FAKAT Team) has sought permission for placing student lockers at IBA 		under the name of FAKAT, a company that came into existence as part of 		their course. He clarified that there would be no financial implications 		on the part of IBA. The lockers would be available 24/7 to the students 		of Entrepreneurship course. He said that at LUMS and KSBL also lockers 		are provided to the students. He said that a unit of 12 lockers would 		require an investment of around Rs.21,000/- which can be recovered in 12 		months time. The investment on lockers and its management will be done 		by the students themselves. The Dean  Director said that it is a 		completely new idea for IBA and we have to try and see if this is 		successful. He said that since it is on payment basis we have to see as 		to how many students would use it. He suggested to start with 12 lockers 		and see if there is demand for more lockers, then increase the number of 		lockers. Dr. Sayeed Ghani suggested to consider providing such 		arrangement at City Campus too. The Dean  Director said that at Aman 		Tower also lockers facility can be provided. 				DECISION				1.10 The Committee granted permission to the member of FAKAT Team for 		placing a unit of 12 lockers for the students of Entrepreneurship 		course.						c) FME Mentors				1.11 Dr. Shahid Qureshi said that FME is a heavy course and 40 students 		have launched their businesses. He said that TAs attached with teachers 		were mentoring the projects. However as every student wants personal 		mentoring and in view of the increase in business projects, senior 		students are engaged as mentors. He proposed that by reducing the number 		of TAs and replacing them with senior students, they can engage 8 to 10 		mentors in place of one TA because the cost of one TA would be spread 		over several mentors. He suggested that senior students engaged as 		mentors may be given some incentives in the form of payment of @Rs.200/- 		per hour and a maximum of 5 hours in a week. The Dean  Director asked 		as to what they would be doing and what their terms of reference would 		be. Dr. Shahid Qureshi said that there is a complete document for 		accountability and it would be channelized through H.R. The Dean  		Director said that as long as there is a saving on TAs he has no issue. 		Mr. Adnan Hameed suggested that total number of hours should not exceed 		20 hours in a week.				DECISION				1.12 The Committee approved the proposal of Dr. Shahid Qureshi to engage 		senior students as mentors by reducing the number of TAs and providing 		the proposed incentives to the mentors.						 DECISION				2.5 The Committee approved the proposed changes in Staff Welfare Fund 		Policy as presented by Mr. Moeid Sultan except the proposal of raising 		the contribution from 0.2 percent to 0.4 percent. 				ACTION				2.6 Mr. Adnan Hameed would find out the age group of the low paid 		employees (around 150 in number), where their wards are studying, and 		what would be the financial implications if provided schooling at the 		proposed schools and present it to the EC for consideration.				2.7 The Director Finance would report the proposed changes in Staff 		Welfare Fund Policy to the AFC for approval. 						