 DECISION1.15The Committee appreciated Mr. Zafar Siddiqui for making very excellent and optimistic presentation and approved the provision of resources as listed in 1.12 above. 1.16The Committee agreed to the suggestion of the Registrar for making three insertions instead of two for admissions ads and that the Registrar would be informed about the admission ads before they are published.1.17The Committee decided that every last Saturday of the month, a corner meeting of the Directors will be arranged at APWA building for dissemination of related information among the students.1.18The Director Projects will get clay models of the buildings and schematic designs prepared and have them displayed at both the campuses. ACTION1.19The Director ICT will arrange two laptops and one four-in-one machines (fax, scanner, printer, copier) for the Communication Department. 1.20Every Director in coordination with the Registrar will brief the students about their projects.1.21The Director Projects will arrange for models of clay of the buildings and schematic designs and have them displayed at both the campuses. He will also get photographs of the existing buildings / facilities. DECISION2.3  The Committee approved the amount of Rs.1,345,438/- for the extra items for multipurpose building.  DECISION3.8After a detailed discussion, the Committee decided to retain the design of the Main Campus Library as approved by AFC.3.9Mr. Hanif Daud will have a meeting with Mr. Muhammad Ghufran and Dr. Ahmed Ali Shah and incorporate the internal requirements to be provided by them.ACTION3.10The Director Projects will arrange a meeting of Mr. Hanif Daud with Mr. Muhammad Ghufran and Dr. Ahmed Ali Shah for incorporating the internal requirements of the library. DECISION4.3The Committee approved the cancellation of the two tenders and allowed issuance of new tenders for Servers and Services, and Storage Solutions.  DECISION5.4The Committee approved the Testing Policy for inclusion in the IBA Code Book. However, the Committee did not approve the proposed remuneration package for testing services. ACTION5.5Dr. Nasir Touheed will send the Testing Services Policy to Director H.R. for inclusion in the IBA Code Book.