 DECISION1.38 The Committee noted and approved the up-dates along with the observations noted above.  DECISION2.2 The Director said that there is no change in the policy but it is clarification and elaboration of the existing policy. He asked the Director H.R. to circulate the clarification among the faculty members for their feedback. ACTION2.3 The Director H.R. would circulate the clarification/elaboration on the policy on encashment of leave for faculty among the faculty members for their feedback.  DECISION4.2 The Committee discussed the proposals for forming an Honour Council along with their terms of reference and the Honour Pledge / Code in detail and decided as under:a)Pledges of the IBA Honor Code, to be signed by the students, were approved with the addition of the following sentence:“On violation of Code of Conduct, any faculty member may take action against the student involved.”b)The faculty members are empowered to take action against all those students who violate the Code of Conduct. 4.3 The Committee decided not to include Admin Officer and one representative each from Finance and Security in the Honor Council as proposed by the Registrar. 4.4 The Committee decided to delete the last point of the terms of reference of the Honor Council which reads as “Review all penalties awarded to students by the Discipline Committee and forwards with their remarks to the Dean  Director for final approval”.4.5 The Committee decided that the IBA ID Card for Faculty would be different from the cards issued to the non-teaching employees so that faculty members could easily be recognized.ACTION4.6 The Registrar will put up a revised draft on Honor Council before the Executive Committee after incorporating the above decisions.  DECISION5.9 The item was deferred. DECISION6.8 The Committee approved the nomination of the following staff for the Reward Levels mentioned against their names: Name of the Nominee Recommended Level M/s. Manoj Babulal and Mirza Noman Shah Level 2 (Rs.5,000/- each)M/s. Muzammil Hussain, Ghulam Mustafa, Muhammad Rehman Mansoori and Ms. Mehvish Butt  Level 3 (Rs.15,000/- each) Engr. Abdul Rehman Level 4 (Rs.30,000/-) 