 DECISION1.2The up-dates given above were noted.b) Aman Tower project. 1.3Mr. Najmul Islam presented the summary of works contract of Aman Tower as of December 31, 2014. He said that the net contract value stood at Rs.1,049 million which includes additional civil and electrical works. The total escalation is about Rs.39 million (around 3.9 percent). 1.4Mr. Najmul Islam said that 98% of the Phase I (Core  Shell) has been completed against the target of 100 percent. He said that the granite fixing activity is slow but they have given the target of 1st week of February 2015 to complete the whole work. He said that the MEP work has been 95% completed. He said that the pumps have reached the port and by the end of February 2015 all systems will be workable and then they would start testing. Mr. Hasan Nazar said that they have to adjust cooling floor-wise. He said that the height of the wall on the roof top at which the cooling system is located, is very high because of which there is an issue of intake and exhaust. He said that the solution is to raise the base with steel frame. The Dean  Director said that it should not mar the appearance of the façade in any way. Mr. Hasan Nazar confirmed that the façade would not be affected and its aesthetic sense would not be disturbed.1.5Mr. Najmul Islam said that 80% of the Phase II (ID Works) against the target of 100% has been completed. The Dean  Director asked as to why false ceiling activity is only 60% complete. Mr. Najmul Islam reported that since it is a special type of ceiling it is taking time. He said that the Phase-III Furniture Work is expected to be completed by March 31, 2015. He said that progress on vertical transport (elevators) is very slow as M/s. Ziafco were not pursuing the vertical transport contract professionally. He said that M/s. Ziafco have informed that lifts would arrive by the end of January 2015 and installation and testing would be completed in 8 to 10 weeks after arrival of lifts. He said that the tender for the generator would be opened on January 17, 2015. Mr. Shakeel reported that as identified by Mr. Mushtaque, a 100 KVA generator that was installed at APWA was available which could be used for backup for the library. 1.6Mr. Najmul Islam reported that the main structure of the connecting bridge has been completed fixing of railing is in progress and will be completed within two weeks. He said that the manufacturing of kitchen was in progress and would be completed by February 15, 2015. The Dean  Director requested the Registrar to invite Pizza Hut and show them the kitchen at Aman Tower so that they may get it mended according to their requirements.1.7 Mr. Najmul Islam said that half of the fourth floor for multi-media training centre has been on hold since March 25, 2014. The Dean  Director said that he has talked to Mr. Jeffery. The drawing of Centre of Excellence in Journalism has been prepared and expected to reach shortly. DECISION  ACTION1.8 The Committee noted the up-date on Aman Tower as noted above. 1.9 The Registrar would invite Pizza Hut and show them the kitchen at Aman Tower and get their requirements incorporated in the kitchen through Engr. Shakeel Anwer.  DECISION  ACTION2.9 The Committee noted and approved the up-date on the Monthly Progress along with the suggestions noted above.2.10 Mr. Mahmood Ali would send someone from the Projects’ Department to the Contractor’s office and arrange a meeting of Mr. Aaamir of M/s. Kaaf with the Dean  Director.2.11 The Registrar would provide a team of house keeping comprising a security staff and two persons to Mr. Noshad for getting the Library cleaned. 2.12 Mr. Mahmood Ali would request Eng. Mateen of Nespak to sit at the Main Campus so that he may put pressure on the contractor and get things done speedily. DECISION3.2 The Committee approved the recommended logo for Celebration of 60th Anniversary. The Committee further decided that the tag line would be “Grooming Leaders Since 1955”.  DECISION4.6 The Committee approved the proposed policy on Activity Based Rewards along with the suggestions noted at 4.2 above.4.7 The Committee approved the rewards as recommended in 4.5 above.  DECISION5.3 The Committee appreciated the proposal for up-gradation of Server Room at Main Campus and recommended to the AFC for approval. ACTION5.4 The Head of ICT would send the proposal to the AFC for approval.