 DECISION1.3The Director requested themembers Executive Committee to expedite the submission of the budget formats asthe draft budget is to be presented to the AFC by March 31, 2009. 1.4Because of the delayed responsethe Director asked the Director Finance to revise the time line forfinalization of the draft budget. 1.5The Director said that we haveto decide whether the placement to be given to HR or to Alumni but he addedthat at this moment he would not disturb the existing arrangement. He requestedthe Director H.R. and the Director Alumni to jointly prepare the budget forPlacement functions. ACTION1.6The members of the ExecutiveCommittee will submit their budget formats in three days time to the FinanceDepartment.1.7The Director H.R. and theDirector Alumni will prepare the budget for Placement functions. DECISION2.4       The Committee requestedthe Director Projects to consult the Internal Auditor if we can assign the workto the Council which is a government organization or we need to place a secondtender. On the basis of the advice of the Internal Auditor the DirectorProjects would take the required action.  ACTION2.5       The Director Projectswould consult the Internal Auditor and take action according to his advice.  DECISION3.6       TheCommittee agreed to the suggestion of hiring containers for placing disposableitems.  3.7It wasdecided that the Committee will review the draft policy on disposal of wastes /old records and send their comments to the Registrar who will finalise thedraft policy and present before the Executive Committee. DECISION4.6       The Executive Committeeafter due deliberations did not approve special committee’s analysis and referredback the matter to the Special Committee with the advice that the SpecialCommittee should revisit the two bids and give their recommendations based on objectivityand tangible justifications. ACTION4.7       The Director Projectswill arrange a meeting of the Special Committee for re-visiting the bid byassigning weightage to various factors and give their recommendations as peradvice of the Executive Committee. DECISION5.3       The Committee did notapprove of the request and decided that the fee paid by Mr. Khurram Khalid forthe MBA 4th semester may be refunded to him. ACTION5.4       The Registrar willconvey the decision to Mr. Khalid Latif, father of Mr. Khurram Khalid. 5.5       The Director Financewill arrange refund of the fee deposited by Mr. Khurram Khalid for the MBA 4thsemester. 