 DECISIONS1.3The Director clarified thatonce the budget is submitted by a department, it should not be considered asfinal because it would go through various iteration processes. He said that thebudget for faculty training and development will be on aggregate and not onindividual’s name. The Director requested the Director Finance to include thesources of funding in the budget i.e. HEC funding, IBA’s own resources andother donors disbursements such as Aman Foundation. 1.4Regarding Internal AuditDepartment, the Director said that he would not like to expand Internal AuditDepartment too much. But he said that the Internal Audit Department may engageConsultancy Services for specific assignments for which inhouse capacity is notavailable. 1.5The Director said that MirzaIzhar Hussain, Director CEE has not yet prepared business plan for his Centre. TheDirector requested Director Finance to coordinate with Mirza Izhar Hussain. DECISION2.5       The Committee decidedthat the heads of the departments would ensure that the staff members of theirrespective departments who are assigned invigilation duties report forinvigilation duties and do not remain absent without valid authorization andadvance notice. ACTION2.6       The Controller ofExaminations would present the names of those staff members who did not performinvigilation duties second time to the Registrar for calling explanation andissuing warning to them. 2.7       The Registrar will get a survey of the accessibilityof IBA emails to all staff.  DECISION3.4       TheCommittee advised Dr. Arshad Siddiqi to arrange to procure heavy duty printerfor faculty room. In the meantime, the Committee requested Dr. Arshad Siddiqito ensure that the PCs in the faculty room are connected with the Printerplaced in the faculty room only and disconnected from all other printers.  ACTION3.5Dr. Arshad Siddiqi is to ensurethat the PCs in the faculty room are connected with the printers placed in thefaculty room and they have no connection with other printers. DECISION4.2       The Executive Committeeapproved the proposal of Mr. Rehan-ul-Ambia Riaz for inclusion of the Registrarand the G.M.(PD) on the Furniture Committee and also agreed to fix aquorum of three members for the meeting. ACTION4.3       The Director Projectswould issue a notification of inclusion of Registrar and the G.M. (PD) onthe Furniture Committee.  DECISION5.2       The Committee notedthat as Dr. Awais Tipu was assigned a course in Summer 2008, he could not availhis Earned Leave and continued teaching till the completion of three months’notice period on August 7, 2008. The Committee allowed Dr. Awais Tipu theencashment of his Earned Leave which was reported to be 59 days. ACTION5.3       The Director Financewill arrange encashment of Earned Leave of Dr. Awais Ahmed Tipu. 