 DECISIONS1.3 The Director expressed his displeasure over the way the vacation of the 1st floor was being handled. He said that he wants the whole 1st floor vacated in order to get the refurbishment work completed in time. After hearing the view points of various members, he requested Mr. Mobin Khalili to visit the places along with Mr. Makhdumi after the meeting and then make a plan as to who would be shifted where and to communicate them in writing that they have to shift at such and such place on such and such date. He asked Mr. Khalili to report to him in the evening on the action they take. 1.4 On the issue of shifting the DB from the old Telephone Operator’s Room, the Director ICT said that the DB can immediately be shifted but that would result in total disconnection from outside world. He requested for ten days time for properly shifting the DB from the Telephone Operator’s Room. The Committee allowed 10 days time i.e. February 10, 2011 for shifting the DB. 1.5 Regarding non-availability of the scope of work and BoQ for the ICT Data Center the Director requested the Director ICT to ask Mr. M. Faisal Zia to provide the scope of work and the BoQ and if there is any problem then he should inform the Director. 1.6 The Director clarified that the electrical outlets and cabling work is the responsibility of the Projects Department and other work including data nodes is the responsibility of the ICT Department. 1.7 Mr. Makhdumi assured that the cabling work at the Research Centre will be completed and the Centre will be fully complete by February 15, 2011. 1.8 The Director requested Mr. Mobin Khalili to monitor the work and if there is any problem then he should resolve it so that the Centre is fully functional by February 15, 2011.1.9 Mr. Makhdumi and the Director ICT assured that by the end of February the Data Centre would be shifted and completed. The EC allowed the shifting and completion of Data Centre by the end of February 2011.  DECISION3.7 The Committee referred the matter to the Registrar. DECISION4.13 The Committee recommended the Retirement Policy for Teaching  Non-teaching Management and non-management staff to the Selection Board for approval. ACTION4.14 The Director H.R. after incorporating the suggestions noted in 4.9, 4.10  4.12 above, present the policy to the Selection Board.