 DECISION1.10 The up-dates along with the observations recorded above were noted and approved.ACTION1.11 The concerned individuals would take actions on the decisions noted above. DECISION2.3 The Committee requested Ms. Jamila Kidwai of M/s. A.C. Neilson to revise the presentation in light of the observations made by the EC members. The revised findings would be presented to the BoG.ACTION2.4 The Director H.R. would arrange presentation of the findings on Performance Evaluation and Satisfaction to all the service units and then to the IBA Board of Governors meeting. b) Presentation by Mr. Imran Zawaar on Career Development Centre.2.5 The Director H.R. said that Mr. Imran Zawaar has tendered his resignation and is leaving for Australia for higher studies. She requested Mr. Zawaar to brief the EC on the goals achieved by the CDC during 2009-2010 specially with regard to placement of IBA graduates.2.6 Mr. Imran Zawaar presented the statistics of the BBA and MBA students passed out in 2009-10 and their absorption in the job market. He also presented the average salary figures the BBA including BS and MBA batches have been hired at.2.7 Mr. Imran Zawaar informed the EC members that CDC has arranged Career Fair on February 19, 2011 and they have planned an H.R. Forum in mid-March 2011. He said that the Graduate Directory would be launched through ERP but hard copies would also be available. He said that the CDC website which would be within the Alumni website is in process. 2.8 The Committee congratulated Mr. Zawaar on getting scholarship for higher studies and wished him success in his future endeavour. DECISION2.9 The Committee noted the achievements of CDC for 2009-10 and decided that:a)In future statistics of passed out BS students should be presented separately.b)The CDC website should be within the alumni website and for budgetary purpose, if needed, re-appropriation may be done.   ACTION2.10 The Director H.R. would ensure that the above decisions are implemented.   DECISION3.6 The Committee recommended to the AFC the extension in the completion time of the projects as requested in 3.1 above.ACTION3.7 The Director Projects would negotiate a reduction in the additional charges the Project Manager is claiming and report to the EC.  DECISION4.5 The Committee decided to delay the implementation till ICT centres are ready. In the meantime the LMS may be implemented on local server.  DECISION5.4 The Committee approved the proposal for compensating Examination Department Staff for night duties as presented by Mr. Mobin Khalil except Mr. M. Akmal Khan. The total financial impact would be (2 X 44 = 132 X Rs.1000) = Rs.88,000/= per annum. 