 DECISION1.6  The Committee noted the recruitment status and the directives given by the Director for compliance as mentioned in 1.2 above.1.7  The Associate Deans, department chairs, Director H.R., Director ICT and the Registrar would ensure compliance of the above directives.ACTION 1.8  The Director HR will amend the organizational structure of Projects’ Department DECISION2.7Subject to the input from Mr. Mobin Khalili on the classrooms and office space and some rooms for the Research Fellows, the Committee recommended that the proposal presented by the Registrar be considered while finalizing the spaces in the Multistoried building with the Consulting Architects and the Architects of Arabtec. The major stake holders should attend these meetings. DECISION3.5 The Committee decided that the Director Projects would get new drawings of the renovation of façade of the Academic Block while preserving the existing corridor.3.6  The Committee further decided that the Director Projects would inform the Architect that:·The Library façade is not to be changed. It is to be improved as it is.·The walk-in arcade is not to be broken·The walkway of Academic Block at City Campus should not be broken3.7  ACTION3.8  The Director Projects to obtain new drawings of the renovation of façade of Academic Block at City Campus and the façade of the library at the Main Campus and get them approved by the Executive Committee.3.9The Director Projects would convey the decision to the Architect as stated in 3.6 above.   DECISION4.11Dr. Muhammad Nishat will include Academic side also in the Discipline Committee and send it to the Director H.R. for incorporation.4.12Dr. Qazi Masood Ahmed will send the proposal to the Director H.R. on the composition and terms of reference of the Centre for Business and Economic Research based on the presentations given by him to the Executive Committee.4.13The members Executive Committee would send their comments, if any, to the Director H.R. on the composition and terms of reference of the proposed ICT Planning and Purchase Committee. DECISION5.3The Director Projects would solve the problem on an urgent basis.