 DECISION												1.4 The 				Committee in principle approved the design of the clinic as 				presented by Mr. Zayd Bilgrami. The Committee requested Mr. Zayd 				to make the design simple so that it may not be so costly.																ACTION												1.5 The 				Registrar would request Aman Foundation to make Aman-Foundation 				Ambulance available at Main Campus instead of City Campus.												•								Staff Canteen.												1.6 Mr. 				Zayed Bilgrami presented the site plan of Staff Canteen at IBA 				Main Campus. He said that the proposed canteen will have the 				seating capacity of 96 persons whereas the existing canteen has 				the capacity of 55. The covered area is 1500 sft and its per 				sft cost is Rs.3,780/- 												1.7 The 				Dean  Director said that the seating capacity should be around 				55 to 60. He asked Mr. Zayed to make it simple so that the cost 				of construction should not be more than Rs.1500/- per sft. And 				its covered area should be 1200 to 1300 sft. He asked Mr. Zayed 				to revisit the Staff canteen plan in the light of the guidelines 				provided to him.												DECISION												1.8 The 				Committee decided that Mr. Zayed Bilgrami would revisit the 				Staff Canteen design and try to bring its estimated cost of 				construction at Rs.1500 per sft.												•								Face lifting of Multipurpose Building.												1.9 The 				Dean  Director giving background said that National Bank has 				given a donation against which the Multipurpose building has 				been dedicated after NBP. He said that earlier it was thought 				that the data centre would be at the Multipurpose Building so 				the building was to be named as NBP Technology Centre but when 				it was decided that the data centre will be at the City Campus 				and our backup will be on cloud it was decided to use this 				building as second Administration Building. Hence it would be 				called NBP Administration Building. He said that it was thought 				that the facade of the building should be developed and its 				external configuration should be redone. 												1.10 Mr. 				Zayed Bilgrami presented the view of the multipurpose building 				after its face lifting and improvement of facade. He said that 				they have worked for the face lifting of the building only. The 				interior work is to be done by the Director Projects. To a 				question Mr. Bilgrami confirmed that the facade would be 				developed from all sides. He said that the total estimated cost 				for face lifting would be around Rs.2.5 million. The Registrar 				said that the front side of the facade (which was not shown to 				the EC as it was not prepared) should also be shown to the EC. 				Mr. Zayd Bilgrami said that he would send the design of the 				front side of the facade to the EC. 												1.11 The 				Director Projects said that in the interior floor tiling would 				be done and on the ground floor a central store is to be made 				for which he has received the requirements. The Registrar said 				that he needs simple store not the hi fi one and added that he 				would take care of the central store. Dr. Sayeed Ghani said 				that the entrance to this building is very narrow. It should be 				made wide. The Dean  Director asked the Director Projects to 				see how the entrance can be made better. The Dean  Director 				further said that the Registrar has conveyed the requirements 				related to interior work which should be complied with. 																1.12 Mr. 				Mobin Khalili Informed that as there are still 7 months 				remaining to complete the Administration Building, he had 				advised the Director Projects to renovate the existing offices 				of the contractors in front of the MP Building so that the Main 				Campus Examination Office which is in a very bad shape could be 				shifted to these offices. He further said that these offices 				should be made presentable as the Students and Parents coming to 				the offices should not form a bad impression of IBA. The 				Director Projects informed that the work on renovation has been 				commenced. Two rooms will be properly converted into offices 				whereas two rooms will be renovated to accommodate the stores. 				He said that the existing store under the Examination Department 				needs to be demolished for external development works. He said 				that he would look into it. 												1.13 The 				Dean  Director wanted to know as to how much time and cost it 				would take to complete the renovation of the contractor’s 				offices. The Director Projects informed that it will take at 				least 3-4 weeks and will cost up to Rs.500,000/- 																1.14.  				Regarding the Facade work of MP Building the Dean and Director 				inquired about the time it would take to complete the work. The 				Director Projects said that after the approval of the design and 				procurement process, it would take at least 3 months time to 				complete the project. He requested the EC to give in principle 				approval for appointment of NBCL for this project.																DECISION												1.15.  The 				Executive Committee approved the design of the facade of 				Multipurpose building as presented by the Consultant, NBCL.												1.16 The 				Committee in principle approved the appointment of NBCL as 				Consultant for the Multipurpose Building face lifting, Canteen 				and the Clinic. 												1.17.  The 				Committee approved the renovation of the existing contractor’s 				offices in front of the MP building within the cost limit of 				Rs.500,000/-												 DECISION																2.4 The Committee				approved the extension in completion 				time for renovation and up-gradation of existing Administration 				Building at Main Campus till March 14, 2014				without reimbursement of the costs of extended 				preliminaries, cost of operations, additional overheads or any 				other cost whatsoever in this respect. The Contractor shall have 				to extend all insurances and guarantees, related to the 				Contract, accordingly.																ACTION												2.5.  The 				Director Projects would extend the contract period subject to 				the conditions noted at 2.4 above.																				