 DECISION												1.5 The 				item was deferred and would be considered along with financial 				implications to be presented by the Director Projects. 																ACTION												1.6 The 				Director Projects would work out the financial implications and 				resubmit the proposal along with its financial impact. He would 				also inform the EC whether the existing canteen will be 				retained. 												 DECISIONS												2.10 The 				Committee decided that:												a)				Examination is an 				integral part of teaching and faculty members have to perform 				invigilation for their papers for the whole duration of exam not 				just for 10 minutes. 								b)				Except the Associate 				Deans, all faculty members including chairpersons, program 				directors, program coordinators have to per invigilation duty.												c)				MS and PhD students 				would also be assigned invigilation duties.												ACTION												2.11 The 				Director H.R. would include exam duty also in faculty’s 				performance evaluation, and Dr. Sayeed Ghani would get 				examination duty included in the quantitative rating of faculty.																2.12 Mr. 				Moeid Sultan would examine the proposal of compensation to staff 				for their involvement in invigilation duty and charging 				examination fee from students in light of the practice followed 				in other universities and report to the EC for a final 				decision. However, the Dean  Director expressed his personal 				reservation to additional compensation for invigilation to 				staff. He would, however, go along if the majority of the EC 				favoured this. 																 DECISION																3.10 The Committee 				decided that a candidate will be asked to exercise the options 				either to appear at the IBA Aptitude test or claim exemption on 				the basis of SAT score at the time of filling in the application 				for admission. Once he / she has appeared and failed at the IBA 				Aptitude Test and subsequently produces SAT score for claiming 				exemption at the time of interview that person would not be 				admitted to IBA in that semester. 																3.11 The Committee 				decided that in order to remove semantic problem, the admission 				policy be amplified as “every candidate at the time of 				applying for admission at IBA will exercise option that either 				his or her SAT score be considered for admission purpose or 				he/she will appear at the IBA Aptitude Test”. 																				