 DECISION1.21 The Committee noted the up-dates given by Mr. Rehan-ul-Ambia, Mr. Shameem Ahmed and Dr. Arshad Siddiqi along with the observations noted above.ACTION1.22 The Director Projects, the Director HEC Projects, the Director ICT and the Registrar would take actions according to the suggestions noted above. Mr. Zoha will apprise the EC about the progress according to the time bound commitments made by them. DECISION2.5 The Committee recommended to the AFC to approve the award of contract to the lowest bidder M/s. Al-Shafi Enterprises at the quoted price of Rs.88,131,975/- 2.6 The Committee further decided that the Project Manager will ensure compliance of all the observations made by the consultant M/s. NBCL.ACTION2.7 Mr. Shameem Ahmed would present the recommendation of the Executive Committee to the AFC.  DECISION3.3 The Committee approved the proposed remunerations for internal and external examiners for all PhD examinations conducted by both the Faculty of Computer Sciences and the Faculty of Business Administration. The amount of remuneration will be charged to Academic Research. ACTION3.4 The Associate Deans would prepare Terms of Reference for the Board of Advance Studies and Research and submit to the Academic Committee and Academic Board for their approval. DECISION4.2 The Committee approved to continue to use 105 Mbps for US$6,300/- per month as proposed by the Director ICT.b)  SLA for VC Equipment at City Campus4.3 The Director ICT reported that HEC has offered IBA video conferencing codec SLA (Service Level Agreement) for City Campus VC equipment for Rs. 200,000/year. He said that the SLA for VC codec has been approved in TEC, and HEC has already sent an invoice of Rs 50,000 for VC codec SLA. He requested the Executive Committee to approve the payment of invoice for Rs.50,000/- for the first quarter sent from HEC.4.4 The Director Finance wanted to know as to what will be the benefit to IBA on this SLA. 4.5 The Director ICT replied if anything goes wrong then HEC would get them fixed. 4.6 The Dean  Director asked Dr. Sayeed Ghani if he has considered the proposal of using Video Conferencing facilities at both the campuses for class lectures etc.4.7 Dr. Sayeed Ghani replied that he has not yet discussed this in the Academic Committee and said that he would look into it. DECISION4.8 The Committee approved the Service Level Agreement (SLA) for Video Conferencing Equipment at City Campus along with the payment of invoice of Rs.50,000/- for the first quarter. 4.9 The Chairman, Academic Committee would propose to the Academic Committee the recognition of delivery through Video Conference for class lectures simultaneously by the same teacher to two sections enrolled at the City and Main Campuses. DECISION5.7 The Committee decided that the drawings and BoQ provided by HK Shah will be sent by the Director ICT to ICON as IBA’s proposal for modification in the tender documents.5.8 The Director Projects would get the civil work related to data centre done through a contractor. 