 DECISION1.6The Committee approved the tender for the design and manufacturing of furniture for the existing Academic Block at Main Campus selected by the Furniture Committee incorporating the suggested changes.ACTION1.7 The Director Projects will issue the tender for the design and manufacturing of furniture for the existing Academic Block at Main Campus.  DECISION2.4  The Committee approved the design and estimate of around Rs.2 million for the development of training facility for MBA (Banking and Financial Services) in APWA Building as presented by the Director Projects. This amount will be recovered from the income generated by the donations given by the banks to the Endowment Fund.2.5 The Committee requested the Director ICT to provide multimedia projector with screen so that the estimate may be reduced by Rs.200,000/- ACTION2.6 The Director Projects would float the tender for the desired work and the Director ICT would arrange multimedia projector with screen.   DECISION3.6The Committee agreed to the proposal for the renovation of Girls’ Hostel A  B and to award the work to the lowest bidder after scrutiny by the Purchase Committee.ACTION3.7The Director Projects would issue work order to the lowest bidder after the scrutiny by the Purchase Committee. DECISION4.11The Committee decided that temporary arrangement for students’ canteen should be made which should cost not more than Rs.2.5 million. The Committee further decided that the AFC should be re-addressed with the recommendation of Executive Committee.4.12The Registrar and the Director ICT volunteered to redesign the canteen and present before the Executive Committee.ACTION4.13The Registrar and the Director ICT will design the canteen and present the design before the EC for consideration.4.14 The Director Projects would place the recommendation of the Executive Committee before the  AFC to review the decision regarding construction of students’ canteen and lounge at City Campus for which Rs.8 million has been approved by the AFC/BoG. DECISION5.4The Committee agreed with the Registrar and decided that in the first phase laying paves will be enough. However, fibre glass roof may be constructed in an area in the middle of approximately 10’ x 20’ so that the pedestrians may have a break while walking under the sun.  5.5The Committee also decided that the shed for students should be constructed at the back side of the existing academic block.ACTION5.6The Director Projects would initiate the process of laying down pathway only and present estimates for the pathway and the students’ shed.B Infrastructure Development5.7 The Director Projects reported that there is an urgent need to replaceone power cablecoming from Karachi University of size 70 mm to the existing Academic block which has been found unserviceable, when exposed during the renovation works. He said that according to the electrical consultants M/s S.K Consultants of the project (working for ICON), this needs to be replaced. He stated that the Consultant has also advised to lay down a new cable to the buildingfrom KESC sub-station to the Academic Block to meet the energy requirement of the building. This new cablewill be approximately 460 Meter long.5.8 The Director Projects further stated that there is an urgent need of laying new cable 95 mm, 160 Meter long for the Multi Purpose Building from KESC Sub Station. 5.9 The Director Projects informed the Committee that there is a need for studyof stand by generation for Academic Block and the Multi purpose building. He said that the Consultants already engaged for the electrical audit has a different scope of services under the present agreement with IBA. The study of infrastructure development falls in the second phase which will take longer time.5.10 The Director Projects said that the above works arepart of the infrastructure development, but have to be done now as both buildings need the power specially the Academic Block where ground floor has been added with the addition of Air-conditioning.5.11  The Director Projects requested the Committee to accord approval for the engagement of the electrical consultant of the Buildings (who has designed the building electrical system) to design the electrical infrastructure for both the buildings, prepare tender documents, assist IBA during the procurement process and carry out top supervision. He said that M/s. Integ will provide the detailed supervision during the construction as the system has to be integrated with the buildings. He informed the Committee that provision of expenditure exists in the Budget.DECISION5.12  The Committee approved the proposal for engaging the electrical consultant of the Buildings M/s. S.K. Consultants (who has designed the building electrical system) to design the electrical infrastructure for both the buildings, prepare tender documents, assist IBA during the procurement process and carry out top supervision. 