 DECISION2.2The Committee approved therequest of Mr. Sultan Raza for exemption of students of BBA-7 (both sections)from compulsory attendance on any other activity scheduled on October 30, 2008.2.3The Committee decided thatStudents Counsellor would ensure that there is adequate number of studentsavailable in the Distinguished Lecture series after consulting the time tablefor the day.2.4The Committee further decidedthat the Program Offices would be instructed to accommodate the DistinguishedLecture Series timing and date in their respective time tables for SpringSemester 2009, preferably on Fridays when all classes end in the first half ofthe day.ACTION2.5The Registrar will inform theProgram Offices and Students Counsellor of the decisions recorded in 2.2, 2.3and 2.4 above. DECISION3.3The Committee referred therequest to Director Finance for comments as the cost estimates of the requiredequipments were not provided for in the IBA Budget 2008-09.  ACTION3.4The Director Finance will givehis comments in the next meeting of the Executive Committee. DECISION4.5       The Committee agreedto the views expressed by the Director in his email and decided that theDirector Finance would issue letters to all those who are to clear the dues.  4.6       The Committee furtherdecided that from next year those graduates who are to clear dues will not beconferred degrees until they clear their dues. 4.7       The Committeerequested the Director Finance to send reminders / update of dues status to theconcerned students / graduates on quarterly basis. DECISION5.2The Committee decided that Ms.Azra Mujtaba, Chief of HRM Wing of FBR be informed that the proposed date forcommencement of classes do not fit in our academic plan and to request them tochange their own schedule if possible.ACTION5.3The Registrar will communicatethe decision to Ms. Azra Mujtaba, Chief of HRM Wing of FBR. DECISION6.3The Committee decided thatwhere names of teachers are required, it should be mentioned that the name ofteachers for elective courses would be notified later.6.4The Committee further decidedthat a meeting with Department Chairs and Program Officers be arranged to sortout this issue. The Controller of Examinations, Dr. Muhammad Nishat, Mr. ImranBatada and Ms. Ghulam Fatima would also attend the meeting.ACTION6.5Dr. Sayeed Ghani will convene ameeting as decided in 6.3 above to sort out the issues.