 DECISION1.15The Committee agreed to the Director’ observation that the actual requirements and specifications should be determined before inviting tenders.1.16 The Committee recommended to the AFC to approve the award of contract of Renovation and refurbishment of existing Administration Block at City Campus to the lowest bidder M/s. Ziauddin Ahmed and Company at a cost of Rs.62,464,597/- ACTION1.17  The Director Projects would place the recommendation of the Executive Committee before the AFC for approval.   DECISION2.4The Committee approved the projects and the estimated cost as proposed by the Director Projects. ACTION 2.5The Director Projects would get the design and tender documents prepared for the project.. DECISION3.3The Committee approved the SOP for Attendance and Flexible Timings incorporating the observations made in 3.2 above.ACTION3.4The Director ICT would present a proposal with cost estimate for RFID.3.5The Director H.R. would disseminate the policy among the concerned departments and also get the SOP placed on the IBA Portal. DECISION4.7The Committee decided that:a)The service bond period would be 5 years for scholars doing Ph.D. abroad and three years for scholars (both new and existing) doing Ph.D at IBA, LUMS and any other institution within Pakistan subsequently approved by the Executive Committee.b)The amount of declared assets for surety shall be in-line with the investment by IBA e.g. if the total funding is of Rs.10 million, the value of property as surety should be equal to that amount. However, if it is purely HEC funding, then all HEC conditions will have to be fulfilled. c)The total amount funded by IBA is recoverable without interest in case of breach of agreement however this amount shall be proportionate to the period not served at the IBA d)The Board will be requested to waive the conditions that only relatives can be the guarantor.e)The bond for existing scholars would be revised to reflect the above changes.ACTION4.8The Director H.R. would place the recommendation of the Executive Committee before the Board for approval.  DECISION5.4  The Committee recommended the policy for Grievance Handling and the rules for Managing Code of Conduct Violations to the AFC for approval. ACTION 5.5  The Director H.R. would present the policy and the rules before the AFC for approval.