 DECISION1.6       The Director askedDirector Finance to expedite the preparation of the budget as he intends topresent the draft budget to the AFC by the end of March, 2009.  ACTION1.7       All Departments whichhave not yet submitted their budget proposals / not had coordination meetingwith the director Finance are to do so before next EC Meeting DECISION2.33The up-dates were noted by theCommittee and concerned members were requested to comply with the observationsmade. ACTION2.34     Mr. Rehan-ul-Ambia will visit HEJInstitute.   DECISION3.3The Committee requested theDirector Projects to provide estimates for the proposed construction ofboundary wall.ACTION3.4The Director Projects wouldpresent estimates for the construction of a boundary wall at the Main Campusfor consideration during the next meeting of the Executive Committee. DECISION4.4The Director said that we haveto go by law of IBA and not by what is practiced at Karachi University or NEDand the law says, he emphasised that  “No expenditure shall be made from the fundsunless a bill for its payment has been audited by the Audit Officer of theInstitute in accordance with the rules made under this Act.” Hefurther said that if someone comes to the Head of Internal Audit for review, itdoes not mean that the Head of Internal Audit has the authority oftransaction. He will just give his best advice.4.5At the request of the DirectorFinance, the Dean  Director clarified the flow  process of work which is:Transaction Request &#8594Transaction Approval &#8594 Budget/funds/Budget Re-appropriation approval &#8594 Procurement Process (quotations, tenders, purchase committee) &#8594 Payment Approval (verification and compliance withTransaction Authority Policy and other laws/rules) &#8594 Internal Audit (The Audit willensure that compliance with IBA rules, PPRA and government rules have beenobserved). The Internal Auditor will send it back to the Director Finance ifthere is any short coming otherwise advise for making payment and the DirectorFinance will make the payment.  4.6The Director said thatpre-audit is now the function of the Finance Department. 4.7.Regarding consultancy fromInternal Audit Services the Director said that if any Department Head wants totake consultancy for amount exceeding Rs.100,000/- it is his prerogative – notcompulsory.4.8.Regarding reply to GovernmentAudit, the Director clarified that Director Finance in consultation with theHead of Internal Audit would reply to Government auditor.  DECISION5.10     The ExecutiveCommittee endorsed the recommendation of the Special Committee to engage M/s.Najmi Bilgrami Collaborative as Architectural and Engineering Consultants andrecommended the same to AFC for consideration and approval.ACTION5.11     The Director Projectswill arrange to present the recommendation of the Executive Committee beforethe AFC for approval.