 DECISION1.8       The Director Projectswas advised to convene the meeting of the sub-committee and submit finalrecommendations to the Executive Committee after completing the negotiationprocess as per the conditions of RFP.  1.9       Regarding M/s. Icon’sclaim that the project was already awarded to them, the Committee clarified thatwhen the work was assigned to M/s. Icon, the scope was different. Now the scopehas been changed. The requirements for CED have changed therefore, a new RFP isrequired.  Furthermore, M/s. Icon havebeen paid for the work they had done.1.10     The Committeerequested the Director Projects to send adequate reply to M/s. Icon on theirletter sent to him. 1.11     The Committeerequested the Director Projects to write to NESPAK for nomination of an expertfor any other such projects.ACTION1.12     The Director Projectswould convene a meeting of the sub-committee and submit final recommendationsto the Executive Committee. 1.13     The Director Projectwould send a reply to M/s. Icon on the issues raised by them.1.14     The Director Projectswould write to NESPAK for nominating an expert on the sub-committee. DECISIONS2.3       The item of paintingof walls was deferred. The Director Projects was advised to get the ceilingwork done through competitive bidding. ACTION2.4       The Director Projectswould get the painting of walls of the City Campus auditorium done by IBA staffafter completion of ceiling work.  DECISION3.3The Committee agreed to theproposal of the Registrar and requested the Director H.R. to prepare anadvertisement for a full time Matron. ACTION3.4The Director H.R. would placean ad for a full time Matron.  DECISION4.2The Director appreciated theDirector H.R. for preparing a Strategy Map. He advised the Committee members tocritically examine the Strategy Map and synchronize it with the Strategy Planand then discuss it in the next Executive Committee meeting.  DECISION6.2The Director advised theDirector H.R. to give the Performance Management Process, time lines andPerformance Management Planning  Review for faculty to department chairsalso and to have a meeting with them.  ACTION6.3The Director H.R. will have ameeting with Department Chairs regarding Performance Management Process. 