 DECISION1.3 The Committee did not approve the recommendation of Mr. Shameem Ahmed to allow him to issue RFP to ECIL.  DECISION2.10 The Committee approved the cost estimate of Rs.5 million for the Elevator and granted conceptual approval for the tendering process.2.11 The Committee further decided that the revised cost of the Renovation and Refurbishment of existing Administration Building at IBA Main Campus should not exceed Rs.165 million excluding the cost of Elevator and the CCTV. The CCTV system would be procured by the Registrar. ACTION2.12 The Director Projects would discuss with the Dean  Director the estimated cost provided for Detailed Design, Electrical infrastructure etc. so that the project is completed at Rs.165 million.    DECISION3.8 The Committee decided that that lab services and I.T. helpdesk services should be separately included in the survey and Learning Management System (LMS - Sakai) for faculty should also be included. Facilities maintenance will not be excluded from the survey but for this questions have to be changed and it would be separately surveyed for Main Campus and City Campus. 3.9 The evening program students would not be included in the survey but the students of the morning program will be included in the survey. The minimum size of the sample for each service unit would be 30 for validation purpose.3.10 The Committee decided that CAPI system should be followed. ACTION3.11 The Director H.R. would get the above decisions implemented. She would consult Mr. Khalid R. Jhumra, Head of Internal Audit about the renewal of contract. DECISION4.4 The Committee agreed with the remarks of the Dean  Director as noted in 4.3 and 4.4 above. ACTION4.5 The Associate Deans would ensure that no rescheduling of classes is done without their written permission.  DECISION5.3 The Committee, as per make-up exam policy, allowed make exams to (a) Ms. Beena Nadeem, and (b) Mr. Osama Hilal Ahmed for the course(s) they missed due to serious illness on October 12 and 13, 2012.ACTION5.4 The Controller of Examinations would arrange make-up exams for the above two students. 5.5 The Registrar would convey the decision of the EC to the above two students.