 DECISION1.5The Director said that the taskassigned to the Consulting Architect for the Multistoreyed Building Complex atIBA is very limited as it will liaise with the architect of the project toensure user specifications and standards are being followed whereas M/s. Iconhave to prepare the design, detailed drawings, tender documents and alsosupervise the implementation therefore the two assignments are not comparable.He asked the Director Projects and Mr. Zafar Siddiqui to negotiate with M/s.FNMH.ACTION1.6The Director Projects and Mr.Zafar Siddiqui would negotiate with M/s. FNMH. DECISION2.4The Finance Department willassign a person in his department the responsibility of handling and resolvingthe project related payments and documentation issues and strengthen andautomate the pre-audit process. DECISION3.4The number of positions to bebenchmarked for evaluation be reduced from proposed 60 to 40 which should coverall critical positions.3.5       The EC members willbe requested to suggest changes in the initial list of 40 positions and Head ofDepartments will nominate individuals whose roles best represent the selectedbenchmark jobs. Director IBA will sign off the final list compiled by DirectorHR and prolink.3.6       Teaching Fellow to be included as abenchmark position.3.7       The Director IBAsuggested that all directors be treated as one benchmark position. TheConsultants were requested to consider this proposition within the framework oftheir job evaluation methodology.  3.8       The Consultants toidentify which jobs could be given to students also on part-time basis.3.9       The salary survey of2007 should be updated but there was no need for a new survey.3.10     The positions will bematched with the skills of the incumbents holding those positions.3.11     The assignment will becompleted by the Consultant in six weeks time provided the required information(Data Collection Questionnaires) is provided by the EC Members on time.  ACTION3.12     The Director H.R. willensure that the above decisions are incorporated / implemented on time. DECISION4.3The Committee referred therequest to the Academic Board for consideration.ACTION4.4       The SecretaryAcademic Board would ensure that the request is included in the agenda item forAcademic Board.    DECISION5.2The Committee allowed asemester break (for Fall 2009) to Ms. Marzia Asad Ali.ACTION                   5.3The Program Office will conveythe decision of allowing a semester break to Marzia Asad Ali.