 DECISION:1.4       The Committee decidedto follow the approved policy and transfer will base on the availability ofvacancy and fulfilment of conditions. 1.5       The Committee furtherdecided that in case of more than required applications, he student who hasobtained highest marks would be given preference. 1.6       The Committeeapproved the transfer of two students from Main Campus to the City Campus andfour students from the Main Campus to the Evening program subject to fulfilmentof the conditions.  DECISION:2.2       The Committee decidedthat those who do not submit the results after a week of the due date to the concernedProgram Office, the respective Program Office would bring it to the notice ofthe Director and the Director would issue a Show Cause Notice to the concernedfaculty member.  DECISION:3.2       The Committee inprinciple agreed that Desk Mounted System for each class room would be moresuitable than a Centralized Public Address System. The Committee however, wantedcomplete documents.  DECISION4.2       The Committeeappreciated the proposal of strengthening the existing National Talent HuntProgram of IBA and decided that all the rules applicable to other students ofthe IBA will also be applicable to the students admitted under this Program. 4.3       The Committee decidedto widely publicise the program and a brief should be prepared foradvertisement. Brief of the program should also be given in IBA’s Open Housesessions. ACTION4.4Dr. Zeenat Ismail will preparea brief for advertisement and for Open House sessions. DECISION5.3The Committee decided that theFinance Department should obtain the following details and present them to theExecutive Committee:a)Number of students who wereenrolled in BS, BBA and MBA programs in 2007-08.b)Number of students who appliedfor scholarships in each programc)Number of students providedfull scholarships from various sourcesd)Number of students givenpartial scholarships and e)The remaining balance of theneedy students who could not receive any financial assistance. 5.4       The Committee decidedto empower the Financial Aid Officer to deal with these issues.   ACTION5.5       The Registrar will empowerthe Financial Aid Officer to deal with such issues.