 DECISION1.4The Committee decided that Ms. Faiza Izhar be given two options either to surrender the certificates she has already been issued or she should surrender the certificates in order to get the fee refunded. In case she wants to retain the certificates, the fee charged for certificate courses would be adjusted from the fees she has already paid. ACTION1.5Dr. Wasim A. Khan will talk to Ms. Faiza Izhar and inform the Director Finance accordingly.  DECISION2.4  The Committee condoned the four absences accumulated by Mr. Haseeb Ahmed and Farzana Sidiqque Narejo as it was because of the delay in announcement of results for a variety of reasons for which students cannot be penalized. 2.5The Office of the Associate Dean would convey the decision to the Program Office for necessary action. DECISION3.7  In view of the fact that very few students had applied for BS program the Committee decided to revisit the advertisement for BS program and make it more attractive. 3.8  The Committee also decided that advertisement for BBA and BS programs would be separately placed and the test would also be held separately. 3.9  The Committee noted that out of 60, 3 was the cut off point for General Knowledge and decided that for future admission tests, there would be no General Knowledge part.3.10 The Director requested the Registrar to review the point buses requirements in view of campuses choice given to the students. He hoped that lesser number of point buses would be required because of this and the savings on this account could be used for inter campus shuttle services.3.11  The Committee requested Dr. Nasir Touheed to circulate the following data to the Executive Committee:a)How many students from 3rd stage have made it to the final selection of 60 students for BS program.b)If the admission criteria is adjusted to 80% and 20% weightage for BS program, what impact would it have had on the final list.c)What are the percentage marks obtained by the top six candidates of the BS programs who may be considered for merit scholarship.ACTION3.12  The Admission Committee will implement the decisions recorded in 3.7 to 3.9 above.3.13The Registrar will review the point buses requirements for students.3.14Dr. Nasir Touheed will arrange to provide the information requested in 3.11 above. DECISION4.3The Director requested the Registrar to write to Navitus and School of Leadership seeking clarification from them if they are referring to IBA, Karachi or any other institute. 4.4The Committee also decided that the guest speakers who are invited to IBA should not have any commercial involvement.ACTION4.5The Registrar would seek clarification from Navitus and School of Leadership on using the name of IBA. DECISION5.7The Committee decided that M/s. NBCL will have a meeting with M/s. Icon in the presence of Architect Shahab Ghani to improve the Master Plan and find out a proper location of Centre for Entrepreneurship so that the central lawn space remains free.5.8The Committee decided that in order to ensure that the colour, material and texture of the buildings on both the campuses are the same, representatives of M/s. Icon, M/s. Najmi Bilgrami and Mr. Shahab Ghani as referee should sit together and agree on the above aspects.ACTION5.9The Director Projects will arrange a meeting of M/s. Icon, M/s. Najmi Bilgrami and Mr. Shahab Ghani. 