 DECISION1.5 The Committee decided that Mr. Umar Makhdoomi would discuss the various options including the new technology with the vendor and bring a proposal to the EC for consideration.ACTION1.6 Mr. Umar Makhdumi would discuss this issue with the vendor to find out the best and cheapest option and present a proposal to the EC for consideration.  DECISION2.5 The Committee waived off the penalty considering the grounds and recommendations given by the Architect and the Projects Department.  b)  To settle the matter of breach of contract by M/s. Icon.2.6  Mr. Abdul Rahman reported that a letterdated 27th April 2011 was sent to M/s. Icon asking them to explain the reasons within 30 days of receipt of the letter (as per agreement) on the prolonged absenceof Principal Architects Mr. Hanif Daud who had gone to United States. M/s. Icon immediately explained their position on the matters. Mr. Hanif Daud also reached Karachi well in time and further explained the working of his office in his absence as well as his involvement on the projects. He also confirmed appointment of a full time Sr. Quantity Surveyor andpart-time Quantity Surveyors.2.7  Mr. Abdul Rahman stated that they had asked the Project Managers about the performance on the projects, who confirmed that they did not experienceany difficulty during the absence of Mr. Hanif Daudand that the Architects stationed atKarachi had providedresponses in time. Based on the above facts, he requested the Executive Committee that the matters raised against M/s. Iconmay be treated as withdrawn andresolved.2.8 The Dean  Director wanted to know the up-date on the Admin. Block, Main Campus.2.9 Mr. Abdul Rahman said that tender for the renovation of Admin. Block would be done next week and the construction/renovation would be completed in 24 months. 2.10 The Dean  Director asked the Registrar to make an Admin. Floors’ vacation plan in consultation with Mr. Abdul Rahman and Mr. Hanif Daud. DECISON2.11 The Committee approved the request to treat the letter issued to M/s. Icon on breach of contract withdrawn and the matter stands resolved.ACTION2.12. The Director Projects would withdraw the letter issued to M/s. Icon on April 27, 2011.2.13 The Registrar in consultation with Mr. Abdul Rahman and Mr. Hanif Daud would prepare a vacation plan of Admin. Floors of Main Campus for the renovation / construction of the Admin. Building.  DECISION3.4 The Committee noted the up-dates on the Data Centre Project.  