 DECISION1.14 The Committee noted the up-date given by the Director Projects.1.15 The Committee decided to cancel the contract of extension of server room on the 3rd floor of existing block at Main Campus given to M/s B.G Construction.1.16  The Committee approved the extension of FCS building by adding two wings in lieu of adding 4th floor on the FCS Building. 1.17 The Committee decided that the Director Projects would do user need analysis before issuing tender documents and obtain signatures of all users signature before he issues the tenders in future.1.18 The Committee requested the Director Projects to email the drawings to the ECACTION1.19  The Director Projects would initiate the process of extension of FCS building by adding two wings.1.20  The Director Projects would do user need analysis before issuing tender documents and obtain signatures of all users signature before issuing the tender.1.21  The Director Projects would email the drawings of the Projects given by NBC to the EC. DECISION2.4The Committee agreed to the suggestion of Mr. Zafar Siddiqui as stated in 2.3 above. ACTION2.5The Coordinator CDC would convey the decision of the EC to Mr. Suleman Ghazi and refer such requests in future to the Associate Dean with complete information. DECISION4.6The Committee approved the conditions of service for IBA employees as presented by the Director H.R.ACTION4.7 The Director H.R. would present the policy before the AFC for approval. DECISION5.2The Committee accepted with thanks the offer of Mr. Zayd Bilgrami of NBCL for designing the mosque located in front the CED Building at the Main Campus free of cost. ACTION5.3The Director Projects would convey the acceptance of offer to NBCL with thanks.  DECISION6.3The Committee approved the suggestion of the Director Finance and decided to allow one year’s grace period to the evening program students by allowing them to complete their courses by Spring 2012.ACTION6.4  The Director Finance would present the proposed changes in the concessional fee program and introduction of Standard Fee Schedule for all IBA students to the Board through AFC. 