 DECISION1.8The Director said that as the Registrar is supervising the Security Coordinator, he should draw a security plan, human resources, equipment and physical infrastructure and deployment. He further said that daily wage security guards should be redeployed and in future no hiring be made on contract, regular or daily wages for security. He requested the Registrar to find out as to how many of the regular security guards are retiring in the next one or two years. ACTION1.9 The Registrar will present a security plan to the Executive Committee within one month.  DECISION2.7The Committee recorded its appreciation for Ms. Ayesha Menai, and Ms. Tahseen Jafary for preparing SOPs and asked them to prepare a memo for the AFC for approval of the SOPs after incorporating the following amendments:a)Instead of department head, immediate supervisor will approve or disapprove the leave application and the department head would be kept informed. The information about leave would be provided to all concerned.b)Till the time a deferred benefit scheme is offered by IBA, both the teaching and non-teaching staff can accumulate unlimited number of Earned Leave. Also, non-teaching staff can continue to encash up to 30 days of accumulated leave per year, but teaching staff is not allowed any encashment, unless engaged in any mandatory activity during the semester break (like teaching a course). However, if IBA introduces a Deferred Benefit Scheme, accumulation of a maximum of 30 days Earned Leave will be allowed and it will be applicable to non-teaching staff only. Teaching staff will not be allowed any accumulation. At the time of introduction of such a deferred benefit scheme, the existing staff will be given an option of either continuing with the unlimited accumulation of Earned Leave and the related annual leave encashment, or opting for the Deferred Benefit Scheme, in which case they will only be allowed to accumulate Earned Leave up to 30 days. If non-teaching staff opt for the deferred benefit scheme, they will not be allowed any leave encashment, except for their current and previous year’s accumulated leave balance, at the time of leaving IBA. Teaching staff will not be allowed any leave encashment. For future employment the new policy (with Deferred benefit Scheme) will be applicable, and the new employees will not be given the choice as will be extended to existing employees. c)Medical Certificate from Registered Medical Practitioner will be required for 3 or more days’ sick leave.d)Medical Certificate will be required with Maternity Leave application. e)The word “Foreign” was deleted from the (Foreign Training) of the Study Leave as training may be arranged within the country as well.f)The requirement of 3 years continuous employment with IBA was reduced to 2 years for Study Leave. g)Instead of full salary for first year and half salary in the second year, full salary upto a maximum of four years be paid during study leave. h)Only that period during which the faculty awarded the Study Leave is physically away from IBA will be counted as Study Leave.i)Faculty going to other institutions under faculty exchange program will also be treated as on Study Leave.j)Enhancement of professional qualifications / experience should be linked with promotion policy.k)The current practice of recovering paid amount with interest on breach of contract was dropped. In such cases only the amount paid would be recovered. However, this would be applicable with prospective effect. l)Faculty members availing Conference Leave will be required to present paper and disseminate their findings with the faculty and students of IBA at a seminar to be organized by our Centre for Research upon the return of the faculty member. m)The proposed Compensatory Leave rule was not approved. However, it was suggested that a Reward and Recognition scheme for extra-ordinary performance may be developed. n)For Sabbatical Leave, letter from the sponsor university will be required. o)Internship at IBA be restricted for IBA students only. Students exchange with LUMS and other reputed foreign universities will be encouraged. p)A group of faculty members teaching the same subject in different sections may also be given Teaching Assistant.q)Students of MS program should also be considered for part-time employment.ACTION2.8 The Director H.R. and Ms. Tahseen Jafary will prepare a memo with a comparative chart present and proposed, highlighting the changes only, and full justification for new policies for AFC’s approval.  DECISION3.5The Committee approved the format of the proposed contract letter for faculty and staff.  DECISION4.2The Director approved the extra absences with respect to YLC Conference. However, he said that in future such absences would be condoned by the Dean  Director only.ACTION4.3Dr. Wasim A. Khan will convey the decision to Mr. Abdul Wajed Khan. DECISION5.3The Director agreed to the suggestion. However, he said that it will be simple clay model of the old buildings without involving huge expenses.ACTION5.4The Director Projects will arrange to get model of the existing buildings prepared.