 DECISION		1.11 The Committee noted the 		recommended actions along with the suggestions / observations noted 		above and assigned the responsibilities according to the matrix.				ACTION		1.12 The Director H.R. would 		see as to how a tracking mechanism can be developed for all the ten 		approaches suggested by the Dean  Director. She would also mention the 		designation of responsible person against every actionable bullet 		point. 		1.13 The Director H.R. would 		request Ms. Maria Hasan, to organize dramas at which outsiders should 		also be invited without charging any fees from them. 		1.14 The Director ICT would 		ask Mr. Imran Batada to imbed in the system consistent interaction with 		the industry electronically. 						 DECISION		2.3 The Committee accepted 		the design of Block-2 for 2 bed apartment. The Committee also decided 		that the area of 3 bed room apartment should be between 2400 to 2500 sft. 		ACTION		2.4 Ms. Sana Tanveer would 		redesign Block - 3 for three bed room apartments so that the covered 		area does not exceed 2500 sft. 				 DECISION		3.2 The Dean  Director 		said that the Projects Department has a list of prequalified 		Consultants. He said that IBA may arrange a competition among the 		pre-qualified consultants for the faculty apartment project. He asked 		the Director Projects to provide the list of pre-qualified consultants 		to Mr. Shameem Ahmed. 		 DECISION		4.11 The up-dates along with 		the observations noted above were noted and approved. 		ACTION		4.12 The Director H.R. would 		send the requirements for IRC website to the Director ICT.		4.13 The Director ICT would 		depute IT staff for physical verification of PC’s and other IT related 		equipments at Girls’ Hostel on monthly basis.		4.14 The Director H.R. would 		get it checked through audit that the staff of the Evening Shift at City 		Campus also performs duties for 41 hours in a week.				 DECISION		5.5 		The Committee approved payment of full fee @4 percent of Rs.94 million 		to FNMH because they have prepared the design and tender documents and 		are providing supervision for phase 1. 		5.6 		The Committee decided that for the services the Consultants have 		provided till date for phase 2 (preparing design and tender documents) 		IBA owes them 2% of Rs.60 million (cost of phase 2). The Committee 		further decided that in future if we award the contract on the basis of 		the tender documents prepared by FNMH, and ask them (FNMH) to supervise 		the project, then IBA will pay only 2% of Rs.60 million to FNMH for the 		supervision of the construction work of phase 2. This understanding 		should be clearly recorded in the letter while releasing the 2% fee to 		FNMH.		5.7 		Mr. Shameem Ahmed was advised to obtain auto cad drawings of both the 		phases of girls’ hostel from the Consultant. 		