 DECISION																1.4 The 				Committee did not agree to the inclusion of reimbursement clause 				and the penalty clause in the extension letter for this case. 																												 DECISION																2.8 The 				Committee appreciated the work that the Registrar has done in 				preparing a comprehensive document. However, as it was presented 				at a very short notice, the members could not go through it 				thoroughly, the Registrar was requested to send it again to the 				EC after incorporating the suggestions noted above. The members 				would send their comments / suggestions and if there is any 				disagreement on any issue, then it would be referred to the Dean 				 Director who would decide that issue. 																ACTION																2.9 The 				Registrar would revise the draft of Transport Policy in the 				light of above discussion and suggestions and circulate it to 				the EC members for their comments / suggestions. After 				incorporating the changes, if any, he would send the final draft 				to the AFC for approval.																 DECISION																3.3 The 				Committee in principle approved the revised design. However, the 				Committee requested the Director Projects to show the 				presentation of the design to Mr. Asad Ilyas and get his 				approval. 								 																				 DECISION																4.4 				The Executive Committee provisionally accepted the proposal and 				requested the Registrar to issue a ‘tentative letter of intent’ 				of availing the offer of land for establishment of community 				college of the IBA at Makli making it clear that this is subject 				to approval of the Concept Paper by the Board of Governors of 				IBA. 																ACTION								4.5 The 				Registrar would issue the tentative letter of intent, to the 				Chairman, Makli Cooperative Housing Society Ltd., and prepare a 				concept paper for the consideration and approval of the Board of 				Governors of IBA.																								 DECISION																5.2 The 				Committee decided to allow ‘I’ (Incomplete) to Major Aqeel Ahmed 				Awan in the QMDM paper. 																				ACTION																5.3 The 				Program Director EMBA would convey the decision to Major Aqeel 				Ahmed Awan. 																								