 DECISION1.4       The Committee agreedto the proposal of the Director Projects and decided that small trees should beremoved and 100 trees be planted location for which has to be decided.ACTION1.5The Director Projects willdecide the location for the green belt / orchard which fits into the MasterPlan and get 100 trees planted by Mr. Tofiq Pasha Mooraj.   DECISION2.9       The Committeeapproved the revised organogram of H.R. department as well as the organogram ofAssociate Deans with the amendments mentioned above.         2.10     The Committeerequested the Controller of Examinations to provide the organization chart ofExamination Department to Director H.R.2.11The Committee agreed to thesuggestions given in 2-3 to 2.8 above.2.12The Committee further decided thatthe Controller of Examinations will also be the Coordinator for City Campus andthe Registrar will be the focal person / Coordinator for the Main Campus.ACTION2.13The Controller of Examinationswill present organization chart of Examination Department to the Director H.R.2.14The Director H.R. will presentthe revised organogram before the AFC for approval.  2.15The Associate Deans inconsultation with the Director H.R. will prepare job descriptions for ProgramCoordinators and Program Incharges. They will also select the Program Coordinatorsfrom among the existing faculty members through an open and transparentprocess. DECISION3.2       The Committee advisedthe Director H.R. to revisit the Leave Rule and present the draft revised LeaveRule before the Executive Committee for consideration and recommendation to theAFC. 3.3The Director H.R. was furtheradvised to see what are the best practices particularly the practice in AKU,LUMS.3.4The Director H.R. was alsoadvised to make the earned leave as an incentive for the faculty for using itfor sabbatical leave.ACTION3.5The Director H.R. will studythe best practices with regard to earned leaves particularly the practice atAKU and LUMS and would present new leave rules. DECISION4.2The Committee decided that fromFall Semester 2009 the students will be given the choice of campus.  The Committee further decided that both newand old students will have the option on first come first serve basis.  4.3The Committee further decidedto increase the class timings at the Main Campus. DECISION5.3The Committee decided thatsince Mr. Waqas Anwaar Abbasi is getting his treatment through Sindh Instituteof Urology and Transplantation (SIUT) headed by Dr. Adeeb-ul- Hasan Rizvi, weshould consider it as a genuine case and allowed his transfer to the MainCampus.ACTION5.4The Registrar will communicatethe decision of allowing transfer of Mr. Waqas Anwaar Abbasi from City Campusto Main Campus to Mr. Waqas Abbasi as well as concerned program offices.