 DECISION1.4 The Committee requested Dr. Mohammad Nishat to discuss the case of Mr. Abdul Rafai with Mr. Sultan Raza and if there is a legitimate mistake then necessary corrections should be made in the grade.ACTION1.5 Dr. Muhammad Nishat would discuss the case of Mr. Abdul Rafai with Mr. Sultan Raza and if he finds legitimate mistake then he would allow necessary corrections to be made in the grade. DECISION2.8 The Committee thanked Dr. Zaheeruddin Asif, Dr. Erum Hafeez, Mr. Imran Batada and all others who worked and prepared the IBA Social Media Strategy. 2.9 The Committee approved the IBA Social Media Strategy as presented along with the suggestions noted above. 2.10 The EC empowered the Social Media Committee headed by Dr. Zaheeruddin Asif, and Dr. Erum Hafeez, and Mr. Imran Batada being its members, to go ahead with the implementation of the Strategy. ACTION2.11 Te Social Media Committee will arrange the responses to the questions / comments received through facebook, twitter. The Committee will also ask the Program Directors / Program Managers, Chairpersons to have live interactive sessions.2.12 Dr. Zaheeruddin Asif will arrange an in-house training for the staff on how to use facebook. 2.13 Ms. Saadia Baig, Executive Communication, would analyse pending questions to find out which areas they are mostly related to and apprise the Social Media Committee of her findings. 2.14 Mr. Imran Batada would inform all the students that we will be conveying information related to IBA through Twitter.2.15 Dr. Sayeed Ghani and Dr. Zaheeruddin Asif would arrange a competition to make IBA website more attractive. DECISION3.4 The Committee noted the clarification on TAP as given by the Dean  Director at 3.3 above.3.5 The Committee advised the Director ICT that instead of seeking conceptual approval of cost estimate of the sub-components, he should seek approval for re-appropriation of budget if its cost exceeds the approved budget. ACTION3.6 The clarification given at 3.3 above would be communicated to the Head of Internal Audit for his information.   DECISION4.5 The Committee asked Ms. Sana Tanveer to get the layout reviewed by the Consultant, after incorporating the suggestions noted above and present the modified layout again to the EC. 