 DECISION  				ACTION												1.5 The 				Director Projects would ask NESPAK to withdraw their claim for 				an additional amount of Rs.187,671/-								 												b)								Construction and Refurbishment of Existing 				Library at Main Campus: 												1.6 Mr. 				Abdul Rahman stated that the scheduled completion date of 				Renovation  Refurbishment of existing Library at Main Campus 				was February 2013. However, because of various reasons the 				period of completion was extended to November 2013. He said that 				while extension was approved by the Executive Committee, it 				advised that services of M/s. NESPAK should be terminated for 				the extended period. As per advice of the Executive Committee, 				the Projects Department terminated the services of M/s. NESPAK 				beyond 3rd August 2013 vide email dated 26th 				August 2013. He reported that at the time of approval for 				extension in the contract of execution of Library, following 				works were in hand for which M/s. NESPAK provided detailed 				supervision on full time basis:												a)				Installation, 				testing and commission of air-conditioning ducts and equipment								b)				Glazing works on 				both faces.								c)				False ceiling 												d)				Special Lamination 				Works 								e)				Installation, 				testing and commissioning of lighting fixtures 												f)				Washed terrazzo								g)				Interior finishing 				works 												1.7 Mr. 				Abdul Rahman further reported that M/s. NESPAK also contended 				that their services needed to be compensated on the extension as 				per reasons mentioned in (a) to (g) above. He informed the 				Committee that M/s. NESPAK have provided their full support on 				the following matters to IBA for which they had not charged any 				fee:												·								Structural stability review and coordinating with the external 				experts.								·								Design review of the HVAC and Electrical Works and detailed 				coordination with the designers.								·								Special expert advices on intricate contractual matters.												1.8 Based 				on above, Mr. Abdul Rahman recommended that payment of fee to 				M/s. NESPAK for the extended period may also be considered. The 				amount of fee claimed by M/s. NESPAK is for the following 				period:												a)				For 1st 				extended period January – August 2013   				= Rs.1,102,500/-								b)				Period August 3rd 				– Nov. 30, 2013   = Rs. 				490,000/- 				Total:  				 Rs.1,592,500/- 																1.9 Mr. 				Abdul Rahman reported that the case was presented to the Central 				Purchase Committee in its meeting held on 15th 				November 2013. The CPC recommended that M/s. NESPAK may be asked 				to reduce their fee at least 31% pertaining to the extended 				period. He reported that in this regard a meeting was held with 				the General Manager NESPAK, Mr Abdul Mateen who did not agree to 				withdraw their claim from August 3, 2013 to November 30, 2013, 				as they have provided their services diligently on the project 				specially under the circumstances when the contractors period 				was extended and they had to supervise special work such as 				installation, testing, commissioning of Air-conditioning and 				electrical works for which IBA did not have proper detailed 				supervision staff. NESPAK however, have agreed to accept the 				pro-rata payment as is decided by the Executive Committee based 				on its fair judgement. He reported that the Project has further 				been delayed due to the fault of the contractor for which the 				notice of application of Liquidated Damages has been served upon 				them. 												1.10 Mr. 				Abdul Rahman said that as 30% Project is incomplete involving 				mostly critical works such Electrical, Mechanical and HVAC works 				which may take additional time estimate of which cannot be done 				at present. He said that all possible actions are being taken by 				Projects Department and the Project Managers to pursue and 				facilitate the contractor so that he could complete the balance 				works within shortest possible time. In this scenario, he said 				that the presence of Nespak is highly necessary for additional 				period of at least 3 months, specially to witness and certify 				the completion of façade works, false ceiling works, interior 				ducting works, testing and commissioning of HVAC plant and 				equipment, Electrical system and other systems such as fire 				alarm, fire fighting, ICT, etc. Further they are required to 				verify and approve the final bill and to manage the technical 				and contractual closures, as well as to handle any contractual 				problems pertaining to action taken against the contractor. He 				requested the Executive Committee to approve the extension of 				the contract of Nespak till 28th February 2014 at the 				fee decided as per the submission in preceding paras.												1.11 The 				Dean  Director said that major work has already been completed. 				Mr. Abdul Rahman said that testing and commissioning of 				equipment (Chiller and ACs) will be completed by the end of 				December, 2013. He further said that as per contract for one 				month after completion of the project IBA will not have to make 				any payment to the Project Manager. 												1.12  The 				Dean  Director said that the extension from January to August 				3, 2013 has already been approved as such it should be reported 				as a background information. Mr. Abdul Rahman clarified that 				extension in time (from January to August 3, 2013) was approved 				but the financial impact was not approved. He further said that 				the proposal should have been presented with the amount after 				reduction of 31 per cent as recommended by CPC. Mr. Abdul 				Rahman said that the payable amount after deduction of 31% from 				Rs.1,592,500/- would be around Rs.1 million/- 												1.13 The 				Dean  Director said that we should accept the recommendation of 				CPC to reduce the fee by 31% for the extended period from 				January 2013 to November 30, 2013. The Committee did not agree 				to extend the contract of NESPAK till February 28, 2013 as 				recommended by the Director Projects but only upto December 31, 				2013. The NESPAK will continue to supervise the project for one 				month beyond that. 												DECISION												1.14 The 				Committee endorsed the recommendation of the Central Purchase 				Committee that M/s. NESPAK should reduce their fee by 31% for 				the extended period from January 2013 to December 31, 2013.																ACTION												1.15 The 				Director Projects would ask NESPAK to reduce their fee by 31% 				for the extended period from January to December 31, 2013 and 				bring it at Rs.1 million.																 DECISION																2.5 The Committee 				approved amendment in contract of M/s Venture Crest for the 				external development works at IBA Main Campus as recommended by 				CPC to facilitate secured advance to M/s. Venture Crest. 																				