 DECISION1.3       The ExecutiveCommittee appreciated the idea of Orientation Week. However, the Committeesuggested these students to involve Students Counsellor and student bodies suchas BASC, BITS, ESF etc. for the sake of perpetuity even after theseself-motivated students were to move out of IBA. They were also suggested toconsider a trade-off between the additional information suggested to beimparted to new comers and the costs. The final recommendation should comethrough the Students Counsellor and it would be made a part of theresponsibilities of student bodies.  DECISION:2.2       The Committee decidedthat although Ms. Mahnoor Nadeem does not meet the IBA Main Campus cut offpoint, she may be allowed transfer from City Campus to Main Campus as a specialcase purely on humanitarian ground as there is no ramp at the IBA City Campusto move on wheel chair and this will not be quoted as a precedent.  DECISION:3.2       The Committee approvedthe requests of Mr. Ali Raza Khan and Ms. Aasma Habib Shaikh for transfer fromMBA-MIS(Evening) to MBA-MIS(Morning) program on the basis of (1) the highcut-off score and (2) the fct that they were not employed at present.  DECISION4.3       The Committee recommendedto the Academic Board that Ms. Kiran Shahzad be allowed to take a maximum ofsix courses available to complete the course requirements of BBA-I, III  Vfollowing IBA rules for pre-requisites. The actual semester placement will be decided in Spring semester 2008. 4.4       The Committee furtherdecided that instead of entering her semester work into CMS which at this stageis not possible, a “Transfer Account” may be created or the record should bemaintained manually till the semester she would be enrolled in would bedecided. 4.5       The Committee also decided that full feewould be charged in transfer cases.ACTION4.6       The H.R. Managerwould place the recommendation of the Executive Committee before the AcademicBoard for consideration / approval. 4.7       Subject to approvalby the Academic Board, Dr. Sayeed Ghani would instruct concerned person tocreate a Transfer Account for such cases.