 DECISION1.11The Committee agreed to theproposal of Education Finance Program as long as the role of IBA would berestricted to that of a facilitator and that IBA would hold degrees of thosestudents who avail the loan facility till such time we receive an NOC from theBank.1.12The Committee wanted that thefacility be made available to the residents of any city of Pakistan rather than restricting it to only fourcities of Pakistan.1.13The Director Finance willcontact the concerned person at Dubai Islamic Bank Pakistan and finalize the agreementwith them.1.14The Committee decided that oncethe agreement is finalized / signed, the information will be fully disseminatedthrough Program Announcement, advertisement, and IBA Portal.  ACTION1.15The Director Finance willcontact the concerned person at Dubai Islamic Bank Pakistan and finalize the agreementwith them.  He would also ensure that themoratorium clause is inserted in the agreement.  1.16The Director Finance would alsowrite to the parents of the existing students informing them about theEducation Finance Program and get their feedback.1.17The Registrar will disseminatethe information after the agreement is signed. DECISION2.4The Committee allowed theDirector Projects to go ahead with his first phase plan. DECISION3.2       TheDirector said that instead of two one messenger may be assigned to BusinessEnglish Program. Similarly the services of Mr. Samiullah, attached toDirector’s office may be utilized as the Director sits in the Main Campusduring the first half. He said that there should be a pool of messengers at thedisposal of the Administrator, City Campus.  3.3       The Committee decidedthat one messenger from the Business English Program may be relocated.  ACTION3.4       The Administrator,City Campus, will relocate the messenger from the Business English Program to anyother department where there is a shortage of messenger. DECISION4.2The Committee approved placingthe information related to Program Announcement on the CDs.   DECISION5.3The Committee approved thewebsite on IBA projects. However, it decided that our website should be furtherimproved so that the external users are aware of the IBA and the website shouldbe continuously updated.  5.4       The Committee requestedthe Director Projects to assign some one from his department to provide up-dateon projects for the IBA website after an interval of 10 to 15 days.  ACTION5.5       The Director Projectswould ensure that up-date on IBA Development Projects after an interval of 10to 15 days is provided for the IBA Website.