 DECISION1.4       The Committee approvedthe recommendation of the Director Projects to award the work to M/s. Al-AsrAssociates who have quoted the lowest rate of Rs.95,156/-1.5       The Committee furtherdecided that the Director Projects would ensure that the quality is maintained.ACTION1.6       The Director Projectswould issue work order to M/s. Al-Asr Associates for the work mentioned above. DECISION2.4       The Committeeapproved the recommendation of Director Projects to award the work to M/s.Khalid Jamal Constructor for converting two garages into a store at the bidamount of Rs.226,860/-.2.5       The Committeerequested the Director Projects to ensure that the store should be such thatthe items placed in the store remain safe and secured from rainy water i.e.there should be no leakage of water.ACTION2.6       The Director Projectswould issue work order to M/s. Khalid Jamal Constructor for converting twogarages into a store at the bid price of Rs.226,860/- DECISION3.3       The Committee agreedin principle to shift the trees. However, in order to know whether the shifted trees would survive, theCommittee decided that Mr. Rehan-ul-Ambia and Dr. Nishat would consult with theexperts.  Based on the expert opinion, afinal decision would be taken.ACTION3.4       Dr. Mohammad Nishatand Mr. Rehan-ul-Ambia Riaz would consult with the experts about the chances ofsurvival of such shifted trees and report to the Committee. DECISION4.4       The Committeeapproved the recommendation of Mr. Shameem Ahmad to hire M/s. W.J. Associatesas Electrical Consultant for phase 1 at a cost of Rs.1,114,000/-4.5       The Committeerequested the General Manager (PD) to include UPS requirement assessmentin the TOR for M/s. W.J. Associates and to ensure that the work is completed ontime.ACTION4.6       The General Manager(PD) would complete the process of hiring M/s. W.J. Associates and wouldensure that UPS requirement assessment is also included in the TOR.  DECISION5.3       The Committee approved the proposal asmentioned in 5.1 and 5.2 aboveACTION5.4       Mr. Imran Batada, Sr.MIS Manager would arrange training and refreshments as mentioned above.