 DECISION1.10The Code of Professional Conduct presented by the Director Projects would be named as Policies and Procedures and will be used as a manual for Projects Department. 1.11The Director H.R and the Director Projects would identify the type of training needed for the engineers and other staff in Projects Department and accordingly arrange training for them.ACTION1.12The Director Projects would rename the Code of Professional Conduct as Policies and Procedures and include “Economy” as one of the core values and use it as a manual for his Department. 1.13The Director Projects and the Director H.R. would identify the training need and accordingly arrange training for the engineering and other staff in Projects Department.  DECISION2.16The Committee decided that the back office staff will be transferred to Examination Department and the Program Office will have 2 to 3 qualified and courteous staff with helpful and problem solving attitude. Students’ assistance may also be availed by the Program Offices on temporary basis during the peak periods of work . 2.17The Academic Records will be centralized in the Examination Department. The request for services will be originated from the respective Program Offices.2.18The Director H.R. would provide details of the persons in Program Offices who can be transferred to Examination Department.2.19The Director Projects will arrange to make two separate Program Offices one for MBA and another for BBA for which he would coordinate with the Program Coordinators and the Controller of Examinations. ACTION2.20The Director H.R., the Controller of Examinations and the Director Programs will implement the decisions noted above.  DECISION3.6The Committee approved the establishment of the proposed Steering Committee and the ERP Implementation Team for Campus Solutions. The Committee also decided that Program Coordinators, Registrar and Dr. Nasir Touheed will also be members of the Steering Committee while Program officers in the Implementation Committee.ACTION3.7Mr. Imran Batada would suggest terms of reference of the Steering Committee and of the Implementation Team. 