 DECISION1.2 The Executive Committee granted conceptual approval for the procurement of OPNET Simulator at a cost of US$16,500/- DECISION 2.7 The Committee granted conceptual approval for alumni website which is to be renamed as “Alumni Information System”. DECISION3.3 The Committee approved the proposal of establishing ERP Help Desk to be manned with two persons. 3.4 The Committee decided that the persons to be deputed to the ERP Help Desk would maintain a log of the complaints received which would be monitored by the Director ICT. ACTION:3.5 Mr. Imran Batada would get the above decisions implemented.Overtime Facility for ERP Staff3.6  Mr. Batada said that the IS Staff is playing a vital role in ERP Implementation. They have performed and fulfilled all the deadlines during the implementation and now they are about to launch the new ERP System. He said that some of his team members are playing pivotal role and working after the office hours also. In order to run the smooth running of the System they are doing late sittings almost on daily basis. He recommended overtime facility to the following staff:1.  Moin Uddin – Team Lead ERP2.  Danish Khan – Senior Web Developer3.7 The Director H.R. suggested that instead of overtime or honorarium, they may be considered for reward for outstanding work when the project is complete. Another option that she suggested was to present a proposal for remuneration for the job requiring late sittings and charging the expenses to ERP project after obtaining approval from the EC.DECISION3.8 The Committee requested the Director ICT to present a proposal for remuneration for ERP related jobs requiring late sittings and present it to the EC for approval. ACTION3.9 The Director ICT would present the proposal for remuneration for ERP related jobs requiring late sittings to the EC for consideration. DECISION4.4  The Committee agreed with Dr. Sayeed Ghani as stated in 4.3 above.ACTION4.5 The Director ICT would send the proposed Code of Conduct for use of ICT resources to the Technical Committee and then to the Academic Committee. After incorporating the suggestions of both the Committees the Director ICT would present the Code to the Executive Committee.  DECISION5.4 The Committee decided that as a test case the Director ICT and the Registrar would shift their BlackBerry Mobilink numbers to Warid.