 DECISION1.2The Committee was convincedthat the revision was justified in view of the fact that the rate was lastapproved in 2001 and since then no change in the rate was done although theinflation has gone up by over 100 percent over this period.1.3       The Committee approvedthe revised rate for IBA admission tests for 2008 onward and decided to reportto the Board through AFC. 1.4       The Committee decidedthat for tests other than IBA’s admission test, such as PSO, Khushhali Banketc. the Testing Department would present an estimate of the total revenue andtotal expenditures for consideration by the Executive Committee. The IBA wouldapprove only those tests which would generate some additional revenues for theIBA after deducting all the expenses. ACTION1.5       The Finance Departmentwill arrange payments to the concerned faculty and staff on the approvedrevised rate of testing remuneration.  DECISION 2.2The Committee considered theoffer but regretted that the IBA did not have any plan at the moment toestablish its chapter outside Karachidue to limited resources at its disposal. However, the Committee agreed that for programs such as ExecutiveEducation or Entrepreneurial Development, if we needed their facilities, theIBA would utilize their facilities.  ACTION2.3      The Registrar wouldsend a reply to Mr. Jawad Tariq accordingly.  DECISION:3.3       The Committeereferred the matter to the Academic Board for clarification on their decisionof averaging. 3.4       The Committee furtherdecided that in future announcement it should be mentioned that there would beno averaging for “A” Level grades. ACTION3.5       The Controller ofExaminations would ensure that there is no mention of  averaging for “A” level grades in future programannouncements and admission ads.  DECISION4.4       The Committee agreedwith the Director and approved the nomination of Mr. Mansoor Ali, Network Manager, and Mr. Muhammad Asif Khan, AssistantNetwork Manager for the Microsoft Exchange Server 2007 Training.4.5       The Committee decidedthat the non-teaching staff will be provided job related training only. 4.6       The Committee furtherdecided that those who are trained should train other staff members also.  Providing training would be in replacement ofa service bond.4.7       A policy for trainingand development of faculty and staff would be presented to the Board forapproval.  ACTION4.8       Mr. Azam Sardar will arrangetraining of the two nominees with M/s. OnWire Education and ensure that thenominees after their training also provide training to other staff members. 4.9       The Director H.R.will prepare a training policy for faculty and staff for approval by the Boardafter the review by the Executive Committee. DECISION5.5The Committee referred thecomplaints to the Library Committee with a request to look into it and figureit out.5.6The Committee decided that thecomplaints against the Head Librarian will be handled by the Director H.R. whenhe / she joins the IBA.ACTION5.7Dr. Mohammad Nishat will referthe issue to the Library Committee.