 DECISIONS				1.14	The following decisions were 	taken by the Committee: 				a) The Committee approved the recommendation 	for up-grading the position of Assistant Manager, CEE to Manager CEE in Job 	Band 3.		b) The Committee approved the recommendation 	of the Director Finance for up-gradating the position of Senior Executive to 	Assistant Manager (Revenue) in Job Band 2.		c) Mr. Imran Akhtar, and Mr. Mohammad Kamran 	Khan were promoted as Executive in J-3 (BPS-12).		d) Mr. Muhammad Furqan and Mr. Noman Ahmed to 	be promoted as Executive in BPS-12 provided they obtain required technical 	certification of their job. 		e) Mr. Ashraf Qureshi will be appointed as 	Specialist in BPS-9 provided he improves his academic qualification and 	obtains required certification of his job.		f) Mr. Asif Ali, Specialist Video 	Conferencing, was placed in BPS-9 and will be moved one grade up in BPS-10 	on the basis of length of service criterion.		g) Mr. Syed Jibran Bokhari, Assistant (IS-CMS) 	was promoted as Executive in J-3.		h) Mr. Riaz Ali, Lab Assistant, was promoted 	as Executive in J-3.				1.15 The Committee also approved the recommendations 	presented in 1.12 and 1.13 above. 				ACTION				1.16  The Director H.R. would get the above decisions 	implemented by following the set procedures. 				Streamlining of Administrative / Salary Structure of 	Library Professional Staff:				1.17  The Director H.R. requested Mr. Muhammad Anwar, 	Head Librarian to present his proposal.				1.18  Mr. Muhammad Anwar, Head Librarian focused his 	presentation on the following three areas:				a)	Administrative Structure of IBA 	Libraries		b)	Career Path/Progression for 	professional staff, and		c)	Salary adjustment proposal				1.19  Giving details of the Administrative Structure 	of IBA Libraries, Mr. Anwar said that Administrative Structure of library 	would consist of four core units (a) Research Data Centre, (b) Technology 	Services Unit, (c) Public Services Unit, and (d) Collection Services Unit. 	He also identified the functions and designations of the respective unit 	heads and the team working under each unit head. He proposed career path, 	job band for each rank, and required education/qualifications. He proposed 	that the entry level position should be “Management Trainees”. He suggested 	re-designation / up-gradation and salary adjustments for five professional 	staff holding MLIS degrees. He also proposed nomenclature of Support Staff 	which is Library Assistant, Senior Library Assistant, Library Attendant, 	Senior Library Attendant, Office Assistant, and Senior Office Assistant and 	suggested that the Support Staff working in same position for the last 5 	years may also be re-designated e.g. Library Attendant to Senior Library 	Attendant. He recommended that two messengers namely Mr. Wajid and Zahoor 	may be re-designated as Library Attendant because of their educational 	qualification (Zahoor is doing his Bachelors, and Wajid already holds a 	bachelor degree).				1.20  Mr. Anwar suggested that four Management 	Trainees having Masters’ degree be appointed to fill the gap in customer 	support related activities.				1.21  Mr. Zafar Siddiqui suggested that IBA students 	who are given scholarship should put some hours and work for IBA including 	library.				1.22  Mr. Anwar informed the Committee that at LUMS 	students who are allocated financial assistance are required to work for 44 	hours in a semester in different departments including the library in 	various tasks/assignments.				1.23  The Dean  Director asked the Head Librarian to 	obtain student financial assistance and work compensations details of LUMS 	and give it to the Registrar for review. 				DECISION				1.24  The Committee thanked Mr. Muhammad Anwar for his 	efforts and making a presentation on streamlining of administrative / salary 	structure of IBA libraries.				1.25  The Committee approved the (a) Administrative 	Structure of IBA Libraries (b) Career Path/Progression for professional 	staff, and (c) Salary adjustment with up-gradation/promotion as proposed in 	Annexures I, II  III.				ACTIONS				1.26 The Director H.R. would get the above decisions 	implemented by following the set procedures. 				1.27  The Head Librarian to obtain student financial 	assistance and work compensations details of LUMS and give it to the 	Registrar for review.				 		 DECISIONS				2.12 The Committee decided that in the first phase 	two bedrooms, four apartments, each having 1400 sqft area, be constructed. 					2.13 The Committee assigned this project 	(construction of 2 bedrooms’ apartments) to HEC Projects Director, Mr. 	Shameem Ahmed. 				2.14 Mr. Shameem Ahmed was also requested to resolve 	the sewerage disposal and water supply issues. 				ACTION				2.15 The Registrar would get the minor repair works 	at the IBA Staff Town done through his Maintenance Team. 				2.16 Mr. Shameem Ahmed would implement the decisions 	noted in 2.13 and 2.14 above. 		 					 DECISION				3.6 The Committee requested the Registrar to amend 	the rules and regulations for Registered Graduates in light of the 	guidelines noted above and in consultation with the Director Alumni and 	present the draft to the AFC/BoG for approval. 						 DECISION				4.2 The Dean  Director observed that the above are 	the operational matters which the HoDs can resolve by themselves and such 	matters should not be brought to the EC. The Committee agreed with the Dean 	 Director. 						 DECISION				5.5 The Committee decided that the Cafeteria on the 	first floor of the Students’ Centre be used for holding events which will 	accommodate 17 tables of 10 persons each. 				5.6 The Committee further decided that there would 	be no round table on the ground floor cafeteria.				ACTION				5.7 The Director Projects would get the above 	decisions implemented. 						