 DECISION1.4The Committee agreed to theproposal of Director to award 9 carat gold medals to top position holders. ACTION 1.5The Registrar will arrange 9carat gold medals for the top position holders.  DECISION2.5       The Committee formeda sub-committee comprising Director IT, Director Finance and General Manager(PD) which would verify the validity of PEC Licence and financial strength credentials of the lowest bidder, M/s. Khalid Jamal Constructors. TheCommittee would also ensure that there is no violation of PPRA rules.  If the sub-committee is satisfied in allrespect, then the contract would be awarded to the lowest bidder.2.6       The Committee furtherdecided that instead of naming the low cost building as “temporary shed”, itshould be retained as a permanent structure and be called as multi-purposebuilding which may be used for warehousing and for other unforeseen andunanticipated purposes.  ACTION2.7       The Sub-Committee asconstituted in 2.5 above would submit its recommendations to the ExecutiveCommittee.  DECISION3.2       The Committee decidedthat Dr. Arshad Siddiqui and Mr. Shameem Ahmad would see what additional work /equipment related to electrification is required including UPS. 3.3       The Committee approvedthe estimated cost of Rs.1,207,147/- as presented by Mr. Shameem Ahmad.  The Committee further approved Rs.400,000/-for contingency including UPS. ACTION3.4       Mr. Shameem Ahmadwould initiate the construction of wooden partition offices at the ground flooron Administration Building at the MainCampus.  DECISION4.4The Committee requested Dr.Arshad Siddiqi to look into the issue of operational staff requirement and givehis advice including advice on the cost effective and efficient system. ACTION4.5Dr. Arshad Siddiqi will give his suggestion with regard to operational staff requirement and PABX system.  DECISION5.3The Committee decided that inview of the decision to award 9 carat gold medals, the cost on gold medalswould be reduced. Moreover, the balance of Rs.96,000/- may be transferred tothe Convocation 2008 fund. 5.4The Committee decided that theConvocation 2008 be arranged within the budget. ACTION5.5The Registrar will ensure thatthe Convocation 2008 is arranged within the budget which would also includeRs.96,000/- of the previous year. 