 DECISION				1.10 The Committee approved the award of work to the 	lowest responsive bidder namely, DCT Construction, at the bid price of 	Rs.140,000/- for demolition work at the City Campus.				ACTION				1.11 The Director HEC Projects would award the work 	to the lowest responsive bidder as noted above.				1.12 The Director Projects would see the contract of 	Arab Tec about the treatment of scrap including saria of the 	demolished buildings and report to EC. 						 DECISION				2.4 The Committee approved the issuance of 	variation order to FCS contractor for the value of Rs.3 million. 							 DECISION				3.7 The Committee decided that instead of silbatta 	cladding, paint of matching colour should be done on the old hostel. The 	area to be coloured should be recalculated and the estimate presented.							 DECISION				4.10 The Committee granted in principle approval for 	Rs.113 million for Phase I of the External Development Work. The Phase 1 	cost will be restricted to Rs.100 million. 				4.11 The Director Projects would try to incorporate 	the suggestions of the Registrar with regard to Fire Fighting arrangements 	in consultation with ICON and will ensure that the works are designed and 	executed at economical cost. 				Students Centre Interior Work:				4.12 The Dean  Director said that in cafeteria there 	may be more than one vendors offering food services. He wanted to know as to 	how each one can be allocated separate space in the kitchen. He said that he 	wants to give choice to the consumers and promote competition. This way 	quality food would be catered at affordable price. 				4.13 The Director Projects said that we have to 	accommodate vendors requirements. However, the Registrar did not agree 	because according to him it would increase the cost exorbitantly. 					4.14 The Director Projects said that the vendors will 	bring their own equipments we have to provide only gas, electricity and 	water. 				4.15 Mr. Zayed said that there would be no extra 	cost. He was of the view that there may be saving on kitchen if the vendors 	bring in their own kitchen items according to their specific requirements.				4.16 Mr. Mahmood Bughio said that the Registrar has 	filled questionnaire of Prestige Kitchen so in this case that has to be 	cancelled. The Registrar said that he has filled the questionnaire only 	which will be cancelled because he has not made any commitment or agreement.				DECISION				4.17 The Committee noted the cost estimate of 	internal decoration works of Students Centre.				4.18 The Consultant would redesign the kitchen to 	accommodate several vendors. 				4.19 The Registrar would approach well established 	companies for locating their stalls or kiosks at the Student Centre 	Cafeteria.				New Academic Block – Seminar Room seats on ground floor:				4.20 Mr. Ahsan of NBCL said that earlier it was 	agreed to reduce the capacity of seminar room from 60 to 40. Accordingly, he 	presented two options for seating arrangements one with auditorium seating 	and the other with table chair arrangement. Option 1 was for 60 seats while 	option 2 was for 40 seats. 				DECISION				4.21 The Committee approved Option # 1 with 	auditorium type seats having capacity for 60 students.				New Boys Hostel:				4.22 Mr. Bilgrami said that the landscaping was 	deleted from Boys Hostel at the time of placing tender to keep the cost 	within the budget. But he said that it is necessary to do it now as the 	Hostel is being completed at less than the actual budgeted cost. He said 	that it would cost around Rs.12 million for boundary wall, landscaping, 	pavers etc. 				4.23 The Dean  Director said that if there is saving 	we should allow them to do landscaping, paver work pointed out by Mr. 	Bilgrami. 				4.24 About the progress of work at new Boys Hostel, 	Mr. Bilgrami said that Contractor and the Project Manager are not so 	actively working on the project due to this the project may be delayed.					4.25 The Dean  Director said that a specialist of 	Contractor and Project Manager should be available on the Project site and 	Mr. Shameem Ahmed should supervise and ensure that the finishing work is 	completed on time according to the specifications and approved by the 	Consultant Architect. 				DECISION				4.26 The Committee in principle agreed to complete 	boundary wall, landscaping, and pavers from the savings of the project of 	New Boys’ Hostel as suggested by the Consultant. 				4.27 Mr. Shameem Ahmed would supervise and ensure 	that the finishing of New Boys’ Hostel is completed on time according to the 	specifications and approved by the Consultant Architect.		 				 DECISION				5.6 The Committee did not approve the proposed 	washed terrazo in light maroonish color, and decided that the three sides 	should be coloured (whitish grey) and the front side should be fixed with 	silbatta stone. 						