 DECISION1.3The Committee decided that in light of the observations by the Dean  Director, the Director ICT would prepare a Standard Operating Procedure for placing and up-dating information on the IBA portal as well as IBA website.1.4The Web Administrator will be responsible to up-date the information within 48 hours. Mr. Imran Batada’s task is to ensure that the information provided by the concerned offices are updated and placed on the portal/website.1.5Mr. Imran Batada to develop a small HR System until ERP is installed.ACTION1.6The Director ICT would prepare a SOP for placing and up-dating information on the IBA Portal as well as IBA website.1.7The Director ICT would ask Mr. Imran Batada to develop a small HR system. DECISION2.6The Director Projects would issue tenders for the construction of first floor of the multipurpose building and for the renovation of the whole Admin Block and follow an open floor configuration without internal partitions. 2.7The Committee decided the sequencing of evacuation and renovation of the first, second and third floors of the Admin Block (Main Campus). According to the sequence the offices of Testing Services and Day Program (Mr. Manoj’s Office) at the 3rd floor along with the offices of the Project Departments on ground floor would be shifted to the 1st floor of the multipurpose building when the first floor of the multipurpose building is complete. Faculty members and others on the first floor of the Admin Block would be shifted to the rooms on the ground floor to be vacated by the Projects Departments. After the renovation of the first floor is complete, they would be moved back to the first floor. The second floor which accommodates the offices of Admin and Finance would be renovated at the end by moving these offices to the ground floor. DECISION3.2The Committee allowed two months leave with pay w.e.f. August 5, 2009 to Mr. Lutuf Hussain Minhas on humanitarian ground. The Committee further decided that the two months’ salary would be paid from the Welfare Fund.ACTION3.3The Director Finance would pay two months’ salary to Mr. Lutuf Hussain Minhas from the Welfare Fund. DECISION4.6The Committee commended the Director HR and the Manager H.R. for presenting comprehensive policy on medical facilities, endorsed the proposed amendments in the policy and recommended to the AFC for approval with the following observations:a)Rates from NMC, South City, Indus, and Tabba hospitals should be obtained and if the rates are reasonable, then they should be included in the panel.b)List of facilities available at LNH be placed on the portal as well as on the staff handbook.ACTION4.7The Director H.R. would arrange to obtain rates from NMC, South City, Indus, and Tabba hospitals and if the rates are reasonable, these hospitals would be included in the panel.4.8The Director H.R. would present the revised medical facilities policy to the AFC for approval. 