 DECISION								1.9 				The Committee decided that as the nature of the contract has 				been changed, if the rates of  BoQ items have 				increased we have to pay at the existing rate to the contractor 				engaged in  Library. 								1.10 The 				Director Projects, as advised in earlier EC meeting, would lump 				the external development work of Main Campus, Boys’ Hostel, and 				Staff Town and also include the amount of approved PC-I so that 				the gates and other projects can easily be done within 15 per 				cent of the total External Development cost. He may assign the 				construction of gates on turnkey basis as they are required to 				be completed before convocation. 								 				b)  Progress Report on Aman Tower – June 2014.								1.11 The 				Progress Report on Aman Tower till June 2014 was sent to the EC 				members. However, the report was not discussed. 												 DECISION								2.3 The 				Committee decided that employees upto BPS-16 or equivalent grade 				will be given an advance of one gross salary to be recovered in 				six monthly instalments. 								2.4 The 				Committee further decided that contractual employees (Projects 				Department) of upto equivalent grade 16 will also be entitled to 				the loan of one gross salary to be recovered in six monthly 				instalments or earlier in case their contractual period of 				service is less than six months. 												 (Later at 				the request of the Director Finance and the facts and figures 				presented by him, the Dean  Director very kindly allowed for 				those BPS-17 and above or equivalent grade employees who 				wish to avail of the advance to 				smooth their cash flow situation.)								 DECISION												3.3 The Dean  				Director requested the Registrar to discuss and obtain comments 				on these two cases from the Controller of Examinations and send 				the comments to the Associate Dean for a decision. He further 				said that if there is a deviation from the policy then the 				Associate Dean will have to make recommendation to the Academic 				Board for approval and has to defend that recommendation in the 				Academic Board.								 DECISION								4.7 The 				Committee approved the extension till 30th September 				2014 in the External Development and Infrastructure Works at 				Main Campus awarded to Venture Crest. 								4.8 The 				Director Projects would report the financial implications in the 				next EC meeting. 								