 DECISION												1.3 The 				Committee allowed Mr. Shameem Ahmed to take the laptop only at 				the market assessed value when he leaves IBA in February 2014.												 DECISION												2.9 The 				Committee, subject to approval by the Board, approved the 				proposal of charging examination fee from students @Rs.1000 per 				student per regular semester, and payment of remuneration 				@Rs.400/- for midterm exam and Rs.800/- for final exam to the 				non-teaching staff involved in invigilation duty. Faculty 				members including visiting faculty would not be entitled to the 				remuneration on invigilation duties.												2.10 The 				Committee further decided that those staff members who get the 				remuneration for performing invigilation duties will not be 				entitled to receive overtime payment for the number of hours 				spent on invigilation duties in a month. The concerned 				department heads would ensure that the routine work assigned to 				their staff as normal duty is completed for the days devoted for 				invigilation duty. The staff receiving the payments can be asked 				by the heads of departments to stay 1½ hours and maximum three 				hours extra on the days they are invigilating midterm and final 				exams respectively. 												ACTION												2.11 The 				Director Finance would include the proposed examination fee to 				be charged from students and payment to non-teaching staff on 				invigilation duty in the draft budget 2014-15 for approval by 				the Board.																 DECISION																3.8 				The Committee accepted the request of NESAPAK 				to reduce the outstanding fee by 20% as was done by them on 				other IBA Projects, instead of 31%. The same 20% reduction 				would be applicable on the Project Management fee of 				Rs.187,671/- for one month for the Sports Ground Project. 																				3.9  The Committee 				approved Option ‘B’ i.e. “Retain the 				services of Nespak till 28th February 2014 or 				completion of Project whichever is earlier. NESPAK would give us 				only specifically required manpower instead of the whole team.																ACTION																3.10  The Director 				Projects would get 				the validity of 				performance bond checked and get it revalidated if required.																				3.11 Mr. Mahmood and 				Mr. Jahanzeb would release 15% payment to the HVAC 				sub-contractor and retain 5% for summer testing as soon as 				commissioning and testing of HVAC is done and NESPAK certifies 				it. 																				 DECISION																4.7 The Committee 				recommended to the AFC to approve the award of supply and 				fixing of furniture at Administration Building, Main Campus to 				the lowest responsive bidder Mr. Simab at a cost of 				Rs.14,286,098/-.																ACTION																4.8 The Director 				Projects would present the recommendation of the EC to the AFC 				for approval.																4.9 To ensure that 				the quality of the furniture is as per specifications, the 				Director Projects would cause surprise inspection of the 				furniture during their fabrication. 																